tinker is already dead
    They should have decreased his armor and move speed too
        The best time kick a man is when he is down.
            Well it's definitely the best time to kick a tinker player
                There is never a bad time for kicking tinker players
                    Was gonna say, always a good time 😂
                        We kickin tinker players?
                            Alwayshavebeen.meme
    **Keep Going**
    Bro lost blink and soul ring spamming and also missiles
    He’s NOT Dead
        He's just unplayable 😂
    Good
    He should also be dissected to learn what went wrong during the design phase so they never have to make the same mistake again. When done bury the body parts in separate unmarked graves
    and we are all better for it, except people who played him. and there were honest to god players other than smurfs playing him, and honest to god he was still annoying so off you go.
        Okay so when are we doing this for everyone else? Why stop here? I want Medusa and OD gone asap.

Fefes are the only thing that matters, right?
            Reported, muted
            We did it for techies already.
Tinker just got what he deserved.

Next: pudge hook now pulls pudge to the target
            Neither of the heroes you mentioned had as much of a bad reputation as Tinker had.
                Source: your opinion

OD is responsible for the single handed biggest rage moment I've ever personally bore witness to and everyone I've introduced over the years hates the hero and think's its awful.

According to **this thread** that should be enough to have these heroes gutted because how much "reputation" a hero has is **totally dependent on the social circles you are in.**
                    Salty tinker player found
                    My source is my own experiences and observations about the mentioned heroes. Your source is your own experiences and observations about the mentioned heroes. Who is to say which one is correct as it is not a true or false switch, it all comes down to personal experience.

I myself have seen more hatred towards Tinker that not many heroes have received, much like old Techies. I haven't even seen OD or Medusa receive nearly as much hatred or recognition for being annoying. Again, that's my personal take and there may be no definite right or wrong but you seem very much heated about it.
                        >Who is to say which one is correct as it is not a true or false switch, it all comes down to personal experience.

\~

>According to **this thread** that should be enough to have these heroes gutted because how much "reputation" a hero has is **totally dependent on the social circles you are in.**

Yes, that was my point.
                        Bro you never had a void or OD mess up a perfect gank or engagement? That's worse IMO than techies mines of perma Hexing.
                            I disagree that it is more annoying let alone even close but I agree that also is annoying.
                You're downvoted in this thread.

Your exact same opinion will be upvotes on 49 other threads.

You are correct. Drink those tears.
                    I mean I don't care much for downvotes, what good upvotes did for me after all? I feel that all the upset Tinker and Techies players downvoted me though lol.
                also both of those can be hard countered by 1-2 hero and item in all bracket

you need the whole squad to be coordinated to counter a good tinker assuming 0 net worth difference
                    literally any stun on tinker and he dies instantly. especially last patch when any damage broke dagger for 3 seconds and stunning him in rearm literally turns him into a ranged creep for like 6 seconds

every time i ever tried tinker it did not matter how much farm i had, how much i was dominating, how far ahead we were - get on top of him and he dies instantly! he required no special counters but especially totally fell over to pretty much any global presence
                        So why buff him and risk him becoming a menace again when you can dismantle him and build back up better. He still has skill rearm, valve can cook up some cool new skills for him. Item rearm gone, now valve isn't restricted in bringing in cool new items for the rest of 100+ heroes to enjoy because one tinky boi could break the game.
                            You know that with the 15+ items since lotus came out windwaker and overwhelming blink are the only new things ever built on the hero and people are still claiming chain hex is the broken thing when it hasnt been rushed since 2015?
                                Maybe all the rejected item designs couldn't make it because of tinker. In any case, rearm only resetting abilities gives so much more space to make him actually interesting and non-hated hero. They could even give him an ability that lets him construct his own item that could then benefit from rearm. Much easier to balance. And as a bonus we can get new cool items or item reworks. The only negative to come out of this is that he will suffer trash winrate for a while and onetricks need to learn him again. I'd call that worth it
                    >also both of those can be hard countered by 1-2 hero and item in all bracket

>you need the whole squad to be coordinated to counter a good tinker assuming 0 net worth difference

Both of these statements are so funny on their own putting them together makes me think you should start a comedy routine.
        the top post in this thread is someone crying about OD lmao

its cool how this sub has had a superiority complex over League for years since its "so much more complex", and doesn't shy away from "anti-fun mechanics like mana drain" and then melts down over any hero that does anything they dont like
I thought the hero was dead even before this change to be honest. Like 9 consecutive nerfs and he was done after the 4th. Valve pissing on a grave to be honest.
    It's much the same as Techies old arc, they're working their way to a point where the hero's gameplay is deemed "healthy" and then they'll buff him up to pro scene viable. Particularly since despite actually being quite busted on an individual power level, the hero still wasn't being picked in pro games. 

He was very awkward to balance due to the insane power he could get from items being added or reworked, and because the hero is very powerful but countered by captains draft and coordinated teams, further buffs could have easily swapped him from irrelevant to dominating the meta.


Looks like the goal is to rein tinker back into a kind of support character as well.

It's just going to be a while still before them buffs come down the pipeline, and definitely not before the pros show this didn't somehow create a niche for him, as we all know the track record of the dota 2 general community on detecting whether or not something has pro scene viability.
        Tinker's gameplay became less 'healthy' with this rework. Purely from a design perspective, the hero is now less about fighting and more about farming. He takes all the farm on the map including from other cores, but can't fight well with it. He probably won't even join as many fights because he has no chase potential and contributes minimal burst damage. And then when that translates into a losing game, he will spam march on the highground to delay the inevitable loss.
            March of the machines was the worst most annoying thing he had outside rearm into spamming a couple of items (Hex, Shivas, Dagon), that's why they got rid of it in the first place. Tinker could just spam it out of fog and take up massive space on the map.

For enemies a large number of heroes just have to concede the area in a one on one encounter because of it, and for allies it meant he's taking up most of what's available on the map. Resulting in the hero being hated both as a friend and as a foe.
                Not only that, but sieging high ground became impossible if tinker was alive. He could stand by the tier 4 towers and spam march and it would kill the wave entirely before it even got a chance to attack the tower.

Tinker could 1v5 hold base so it became not even worth it to attempt high ground if you won a team fight but tinker was alive.
                    Oh yes and that definitely just compounds on the dislike factor for both enemies and allies, being held hostage in a match that is almost 100% a loss if the enemy team doesn't get impatient and go high ground before they can dive Tinker to the fountain. And you won't see a single creep as Tinker will suck up all the remaining farm on a that losing team.
            I think with the item reset nerf, he can get back his skill range imo, unfun hero atm
            Sounds like you're describing natures prophet lmao.
                which is why they also made np borderline unplayable lol
            He's now about supporting. I have no idea how this tinker is supposed to convert money into power without reaching an absurd amount of Int to resch 50 CDR on items, at which point, other heroes right click him down.
            This is just a lack of understanding about how game designers think about things, and simply assuming you know what Tinker's new gameplay is like when it definitely hasn't been worked out yet.

A hero scaling too hard off of on-use items like Tinker did is unhealthy for the game because it constricts design space too severely, and the trade off cannot be made reasonable in this case due to the mechanics of what Rearm does, as compared to ogre who also has been tweaked a few times to give trade-offs to his item choices.


Old Tinker also relies on mechanical skill to an absurd degree, but can be countered by good draft picking and coordinated team play in game.

This creates a two-pronged problem where despite being a strong character on paper and in pub games, Tinker can't get picked in pro games.

However since the power is still there, buffing him with his existing kit could create a lot of problems. As soon as he can't be effectively countered in pro games, a lot of his existing power that previously didn't matter suddenly matters, and we'd have a Tinker dominated era where the hero is a instant must-ban versus any known Tinker player.

This both means he'd just need to be nerfed again, and also creates boring matches because he just won't be seeing play, or the matches where he does will be stomps.


That's why Tinker was in an unhealthy place now.


"My teammate is taking all the farm and sucking with it," is not an "unhealthy" state of game balance, it's a skill issue.


It also puts Tinker in a better position to be buffed in the future.
                If a support takes all the core's farm, its a skill issue? cool.
                    Yes? Obviously?
                >A hero scaling too hard off of on-use items like Tinker did is unhealthy for the game because it constricts design space too severely,

If medusa can buy 3 faerie fires that heal for 200 each at the start of the game **as a carry supposed to be weak early** I really don't imagine they care about how limited their design space is or feels.
                    Why would Medusa buy faerie fires? Doesn't she use mana as her main hp?
                        She does which makes mangos a *far, far* more effective faerie fire than faerie fire.

Since one point of mana at level 1 mana shield is equivalent to 1.96 ehp it means that mangos are effectively a giga faerie fire (healing 200 hp vs a measly 85) and arcane boots is giga mek. Both very expensive items that this late game carry has to commit a lot into....
                            Oh I thought you meant she literally buys faerie fires
                                I mean, why bother when you have a strict upgrade that nobody else in the game has access to?
                                    I get that, which is why i was confused you said that
                    Is she actually supposed to be weak early? I felt like her laning was kinda fine with her w, and she was mostly meant to be weak midgame, in the boots + yasha to 2 item territory, where other heroes start to have 4 points in multiple spells and some small items that let them play their game
                Current Tinker still interacts with items in a favorable way. In some cases, the interaction is even more favorable because previously some items were completely excluded from Rearm, while all neutral items get CD reductions now too. So design space really didn't expand.

>This creates a two-pronged problem where despite being a strong character on paper and in pub games, Tinker can't get picked in pro games.

In 7.35, Tinker was a weak hero on paper and in pubs, and also can't be picked in pro games. The reason he can even win games in pubs at all (sub 50% winrate in pubs btw) is because the people who still play him despite his sorry state are literal specialists who have thousands of games of practice with Tinker. They're effectively playing at like 1k MMR higher than their other heroes in order to reach parity.

Once you account for the potential for skill discrepancy between heroes within each player, it becomes obvious that heroes frequently subject to 'maining' or 'spamming' should have higher winrates than others, and that is not an indication of a hero being stronger in pubs, just that there's a pool of dedicated players who play them. Tinker happens to be one of these heroes with a ton of people who dedicate to maining him.
                    Nonsense.

Tinker's new passive is utterly and completely uncomparable to being able to spam items back to back on effectively a <2 second flat cooldown.

An ability that only caps out with *240* int and is only a percentile reduction is infinitely easier to work with an balance and has **dramatically** less impact on design space for items.

> So design space really didn't expand.

This statement is completely delusional, and showcases your total lack of even the most basic hobbyist understanding of even simple design concepts. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to take someone seriously with bullshit pouring out of their mouth.


If we look at Tinker's data with an unbiased eye and some basic consideration for the multiple ways stats can be interpreted, instead of with the eyes of a Tinker spammer who really wants his hero to play a specific way and be overpowered in that exact play style so they need to justify any alternative view as wrong, we can see a pretty obvious trend.


Tinker is a hero with an excessively high skill cap that requires an enormous amount of gameplay hours to acquire right now. While borderline impossible to play against in the right hands and outside the context of players being able to pick counters, Tinker's gameplay in prior patch revolves around pressing an enormous number of buttons on multiple different targets extremely quickly, along with expert knowledge of positioning.

His ability to do these things allows him to frequently dominate games he's in, but simultaneously makes him a pain in the ass to balance and unsuited for the pro scene as such a level of accuracy is unreasonable against similarly good players who also have strong team coordination, and have countered your hero with one of their picks.

Which is exactly why he's the number one hero pick for smurfs and cheaters, as he really was the next best thing to impossible to defeat as long as your reaction times are fast enough and accurate enough.

Moving items to a percentile CD removes broken interactions while simultaneously tanking the skill ceiling for the hero, if it ends up being stronger overall this is just a triple win, as it's much easier to design items around regardless and Valve's goal is after all **to buff Tinker in the long run**, they just don't want to keep Tinker's gameplay the same while allowing him to be pro scene viable for the previously mentioned problematic reasons; item design, dominating games, etc.
                You either work for Valve balancing Dota or you work/have worked balancing some other game lol.
                    I worked on one game before realizing I like being paid a lot more than I like working on video games lmao, mad respect for the people that stick with it, it's an unholy amount of work for what you get back at least for most potential similar jobs.
        Yeah, Tinker was always an annoying hero to go up against but not one that was particularly strong. He always needed so many expensive items like sheep, shivas, blink and so on that if you could shut him down before he got to that level you'd basically have a free (albeit annoying) win.
            This 

U needed multiple items (shivas, blink, sheep, bkb) before u became a true menace and in the possible need for linkens. Suddenly u become insanely mana poor and have a few limited shots before u need to gtfo
Not that much different from storm (and arguably puck was stupider if u want to take into consideration 6 slot status given how slippery + dps talents are now
            That’s not an argument though.

Like every hero is countable if you gank and bang them to death first 20 minutes.

He simply didn’t have a counterplay when he had a bkb/blink before unless you were fighting in somewhere with flying vision.

This is also not “healthy” but having an underpowered hero to not be played is way better than having an overpowered hero that gets abused every game.
        next patch ags/talent: can cast rearm on teamates.
        Reads like you work for Valve.
            Yours reads like you work for Big Rearm
                What? Lol
    It still felt horrible to play against if the clock went past 30 minutes. And tinker was sitting comfortably at top 8 winrate in ancient last patch, so not even dead
        >  And tinker was sitting comfortably at top 8 winrate in ancient last patch

I'm gonna need a source on that. While pointing out at Tinker's non existence in pro games.
            According to opendota he has a 48.7% winrate in ancient and above over the past 7 days and the lowest winrate in the pro scene. Granted, that includes games since the patch, Dotabuff says he's at a 51.95% winrate in Ancient over the past month. So it seems like he's been doing decently in disorganised pubs (far from top 8 though) but abysmally in pro games.
            Dotabuff, probably a way to check past patches, don't know. Tinker had a terrible winrate in herald and just kept going up till ancient, then down a bit in divine
                [deleted]
                    did you know that people can in their heads sort of have knowledge about things past? they might be misremembering but there's no contradiction between those quoted sentences.
        What? I can say honestly I don’t remember that. I’m a tinker ancient player
        Honestly i dont know how he should be played. But considering how i hate tinker that are simply cant be caught, shooting 72646372 missile from 28834761 unit away while also farming 2 - 3lane at the time, giving him a new kind of playstyle might be for the better
        >It still felt horrible to play against if the clock went past 30 minutes.

"it feels horrible to play against" is not valid reasons to be nerfed. That's some League of Legends level balancing.

If we agree that it *is* valid reasons to be nerfed then we stopped WAAAAAAY short of where we needed to go in regards to the roster and you're just saying this because it's what you wanted.
            Not a valid reason to get nerfed, but a valid reason to change

Game is in a better place without old techies no matter how many techies players cry about it
                >Not a valid reason to get nerfed, but a valid reason to change

A nerf is a change that makes them weaker, are you stupid or something?

>Game is in a better place without old techies no matter how many techies players cry about it

We're talking about Tinker, grandpa. Is your dementia setting in?
                    >We're talking about Tinker, grandpa. Is your dementia setting in?

They're...making... a... comparison...you...idiot...
                        It's a pretty terrible one. Techies was changed because he fundamentally was not playing dota and led to poor gamestates that just sucked for *everyone* involved.

People lose to Tinker and then cry about it because it felt bad.

What a comparison, right?
                            Playing a game without cooldowns isn't playing dota that's playing -wtf mode with enemies. It was just fundamentally bad design that limited the hero more than it helped it, most people didn't like playing against it, and it was only really playable well by people who aren't playing fair (smurfs, scripters) or absolute tweakers (kiyotaka).

This needed to happen to allow room to make Tinker playable and also not obnoxious, I'd say it's a pretty good comparison to Techies for that reason.
                                >Playing a game without cooldowns isn't playing dota

Mfer that his ultimate. His whole gimmick. If you silence/interrupt a tinkers ult then he is immediately back to playing perfectly normal dota. 

If you interacted with old techies he just blew himself up and you got no rewards and he immediately went back to playing mine simulator because of the reduced respawn on suicide.

These two things are not similar, no matter how you want them to be. Sorry that you feel so strongly about Tinker but we all have heroes we hate, get over it.
                                    Man it must suck that Icefrog, the God of balance, disagrees with your entire philosophy lmao 

Game needs to be fun to play above ALL other criteria
                                    Found the salty tinker player
                                    His whole gimmick is resetting cooldowns. He still does that even, the problem was items, we all knew it. Yes I hated playing against Tinker, there's not a single person who would say otherwise and if they do they're lying or never played against a good one, but I'm able to set that aside and look at the actual balance from more than just an immediate perspective, this was necessary for Valve to be able to make the hero competitively viable without completely ruining pub games.

Sorry you don't get to play your bullshit "jump around in the trees spamming spells with impunity if they don't have a direct counter" hero anymore I guess, now you get to seethe about it like every old techies player, another reason it's a great comparison.
                Removing heroes because they force players to use their brain slightly isn’t an improvement.

There are plenty of heroes that were far more “feels bad” than techies was. Tinker, meepo, brood, etc.
                    I vehemently disagree with the brood and meepo comparison. These heroes just run away with a game if they had no counters and end very fast. Techies and Tinker both just turn the game into an absolute slog, no matter if they win or lose. Old Tinker was even worse in that regard.
            You re getting angry downvotes, but that s pretty much reddit circlejerk "we hate tinker"  from people that never see the hero in game anyway.
            I sentence you to 100 games of playing vs old tinker then. Dumbass, no one likes playing against the hero so it should be changed, dota is a game first and foremost, if the game is instantly cancer because tinker is picked then tinker should be changed
                >I sentence you to 100 games of playing vs old tinker then.

Mfer my first thousand hours were during the games early years, I'm aware how annoying he was **back then**.

The game has progressed *just a little* since 2013 and if you still think Tinker is a menace compared to other modern nonsense you may want to seek therapy for trauma.
                    This just kind of feels like you haven't played against tinker in a while. You cant have forgotten how awful it is to be 100-0d by someone from fog that you can only catch with a very specific subset of heroes AND items and if you do not have them and your team isn't somewhat coordinated then you just lose and the entire time the tinker just face rolls his keyboard and blinks round trees. He used to be a lot worse, that doesn't mean it's magically fun to play against now
                        >You cant have forgotten how awful it is to be 100-0d by someone from fog that you can only catch with a very specific subset of heroes

Sniper literally just got a facet that makes it impossible to melee him in shrapnel. PA was meta just a couple patches ago. Hoodwink.

This is not unique, try again please.

>and the entire time the tinker just face rolls his keyboard and blinks round trees.

You can boil down every character to a braindead play loop if you try, this just tells me you haven't spent as much time playing tinker as you have hating.
                            What's your point? No one likes playing against those heroes either. PA got changed cos everyone hated it, Hoodwink is tedious to play against for the exact same reason as sniper. sniper no doubt will be changed too because it's stupid. Tinker deserves to get tweaked to be something less cancerous so he can get made into a hero people don't hate playing against.
Just admit you like playing tinker and move on
                                lmao this is just turning into LoL. Remove any unique hero
                                    Agreed 👍 
                                >what's your point? No one likes playing against those heroes either.

 Lol. You said that I forgot what being 100 to 0'd from fog was like as a point against tinker and I bring up a bunch of characters that can still do it to show it's not unique in the slightest and you go "whats your point?" 

*distant sound of goal posts rustling*

>Just admit you like playing tinker and move on

yeah bro, you totally caught the biggest Tinker main NA. 15 games across 2k hours, I'm red handed brother.

Just admit you're bad against Tinker and get better.
                                    Lacking reading comprehension a bit mate, I essentially said no one likes playing vs tinker and you said nuh uh there's a bunch of other heroes that do the same thing and then just listed heroes that no one likes playing against either lmao
                        Who has played against tinker in recent memory? Hero has been irrelevant for an eternity
                            all the more reason to rework him. obviously this patch has dumpstered him which isnt really what we want, but hopefully they can tweak his numbers or whatever to make the hero viable somehow. permahexing people and 0 cd blink was too much when the hero was strong, curious to see what valve come up with
                make a euls, get a blink, tinker has plenty of hard counter picks too. The tinker hate is still there from the era of march from trees, that was a decade ago. Tinker hasn't been meta for years at this point.

just remove the hero from the pool while they work on him idk, this is really a cope out solution nerf.

And if you're so worried about "toxic" gameplay then go ahead and remove OD ban, Viper Q, AM, pudge, riki , sniper from the game before you start on the high skill cap heroes thanks.
                    harmonize everything to the point you are playing a conter-strike, but its a moba. Everything is balanced if everything is the same
                Ha ha where are you going to draw a line? At Huskar? OD? Viper? PL fifth pick? Some heroes are just meant to be niche picks(Huskar/Tinker/PL) that can breeze through maybe 1/15 games..
                    You're proving my point, those heroes have been reworked a fair amount because they are cancer last pick cheese heroes. At least they can be itemised against now. You really gonna try argue that you enjoy playing vs a last pick huskar because it's 'unique'
                        ?? How is it any different? You can itemize against tinker as well. I have a strong dislike towards tinker as well but that isn't a reason to butcher the hero's identity. 


I don't enjoy playing against a last pick huskar but that is just a part of the game. If you don't want it to be that way, pick some hero that can do something against him or hope your team has some amazing coordination.  



If u lose, u lose. It's not like said snowball hero is destroying you every single game...
    I agree. Even before patch playing tinker was too hard. Its laser was almost his attack range and rocket was too short too.
    Why is Valve so mean? They are making me play Doto with cooldowns like the rest of the unwashed masses /s.
    Yeah, this was completely unnecessary. I never wanted Tinker to be a bad hero. 

My only point of contention with the hero was that Tinker could blink away wven after being dogpiled by 12 players, which yes, I've actually seen happen, 12vs12 is a thing. But they fixed that over a year ago. 

Tinker was fine. Plenty fine. If they're afraid of item balance, they could at least compromise? Make him refresh a static amount of cooldown on items (Like 5/10/15s, which makes him able to blink around from level 12 but doesn't let him abuse Hex too hard). They instead just straight gutted him to 0. There was no compromise there, just murder.
    They brought march of the machines back. Still a lot of trouble, if properly played. Maybe like a natures prophet but you need to farm boots of travel. It will not be too hard on the defending team too
People think this change is all about blink dagger or tp scrolls however what hits the thinker hardest is not being able to reset soul ring. Without soul ring, you can refresh abilities but you can't even spam them. If Valve gave an innate ability to thinker that worked the same with soul ring, it would be fine.
    It’s all of the above friend. It’s all of the above.
    Tinker is just super trash now, no way around it. Blink is not what it was anymore, so you have to buy boots. But which ones? You have bots built in, so that's useless. Arcanes  with no mana pool increase and getting mana every 50s is just worthless. Tranquil? But Tinker's problem is that he can now neither chase nor run away and in either scenario tranquils are on cd. 

But don't worry lads, we have a non-stacking heal on march and creep models become smaller if we aghs laser them.
    I don't know how this change passed icefrog's desk without at least reducing rearm mana cost by 170 (the hero would still be unplayable). As it stands, it looks like icefrog isn't in the process and whoever approved this has never played a game of tinker in their life.
        >whoever approved this has never played a game of tinker in their life.

Not only do dotabuff winrates show that Tinker is extremely bad after this rework, it was *obviously* bad just from reading the changes on paper. All the patch notes reviews I've seen so far (Sunsfan + Synderyn, Gorgc, etc.) took one look at the changes and basically agree Tinker is now unplayable. Even non-Tinker players who aren't driven by pure personal bias could tell you this was a bad change.

So that begs the question - if it looks really bad on paper and plays really bad in practice, how did this change make it all the way to the live game? And what does this say about the people who had a hand in the process of coming up with and testing (or not testing) this?
            Probably that it was intentional
                Yeah alienate players who play a hero with a cult following is huge intent haha /s
                    Tinker players are not human
                    I think the idea is that games he is a part of are not fun for one side and he is just not well designed, so they're looking to rework him
                        That is not my experience any more than a sniper or Riki pick in a pub match.
                            The fact that we have multiple frontpage posts celebrating tinker being gutted tells me your experience is not representative.
                                Dawg people are meming. Just look at the comments and you’ll see tons of people who don’t play tinker think it was overdone haha
                                    ..right, but at the source of every meme there's a true belief, the reason why they felt they should create the meme in the first place. This post isn't titled "w update" because they thought valve truly wronged tinker and they should revert it this instant, it's because they see that tinker got dumpstered, and a part of them feels glad that it happened.
            probably means there were a lot of changes and the missed a few things? Occam's razor
        dota lost its balance identity ages ago, and now even more apparent is that the devs don't play the game. this tinker change and the Earth Sprit facet is just hilariously sad
            Are you my dota twin? Not only earth spirit facet, his passive is… oh right everyone gets a passive and your shit just stays the same.
    could make one of his facets to change one of the skill with an active similar to an item he often use

would be interesting
    They also removed missiles, but then made his aghs for laser terrible. So what does valve want you to do? Lol
        Honestly this. No missiles, no item rearm, next patch might see the hero being removed entirely.

Unless there is a position 5 viability that I'm overlooking. Or they allow you to cast rearm on allies
    Wouldnt u just reduce the cost of his ultimatum instead of adding a whole new spell?
        That would be better and efficient but not only rearm. Then they need to change all ability costs especially march of machines.
It's crazy to me mfers be complaining about tinker like its 2013 when modern Dota has garbage like OD and Medusa.
    Sniper, AM, Pudge griefers, OD, Viper, Razor, Kotol mid, Bristle driving the cancer meta for years and it's the high complexity heroes that get absolutely deleted. I havent seen a tinker in my games since 2019 and they ALL LOST ( and i am barely legend 2 ).
        Same. I've seen Tinker in *one* of my Herald/Guardian games (\~600 games). Sure, they dominated the game, but ... not an issue when Sniper, AM, Pudge, OD and BB dumpster the majority of players in that ELO.
            I've seen a bunch of them in Herald, absolutely destroying entire teams.
        All of those heroes you listed are cancer but they’re not heroes that can’t be counter played POST HERO DRAFT
    Its because people in here (me included) are mostly 2k MMR. People just dont realise that a smurf on any hero is the problem, the biggest gap IMO you can have in Dota is the skill and knowledge gap, in league for example if you are a challenger OTP you can still lose to like plats if they have a counter to your champion. I loved playing tinker even though at best I was decent with him. Fuck me I guess
    > Modern dota has garbage like OD

it's funny to drop a comparison to 2013 with a hero that was way more cancer in 2013
    What’s wrong with Dusa?
        Herald/guardian player here, as long as no PL, AM, lion nyx on enemy team a dusa will get farmed to a point where she alone can steam roll a team. 
Source I play pos 1, dusa into mentioned above comps don’t rly lose
            That's not a Medusa issue, that's a bracket issue.
                You're so, *so* close to understanding why Tinker being nerfed was stupid.

Just a little further buddy, you can do it.
                    I... said nothing about Tinker? Unless you mean that Medusa was nerfed into the ground and then brought up to a reasonable level because of how toxic she was to play against.

Which, if that's the case, then sure I guess. But I wasn't around for pre-Medusa rework or when she was in the dumpster, so I'd have to go look at changelogs and try to get an idea of her power level.

But I do appreciate you being a condescending asshole.
Aint even a tinker player but this is actually really rough...

As a ember spammer i relate on some level. But i atleast have the same spells.
    Nerfs to Ember have been brutal. The way they slowed down his abilities just makes him feel awful. They added a 0.01sec cast point to Puck's phase shift and I'm worried they're going to go the same way as Ember with Puck too! I'm convinced that the people who balance dota don't play the game.
        Feels like they nerf all the high skill ceiling heroes to the ground.
I miss the days where players circlejerked about how every hero in dota is essentially broken in some way, now you people want every hero to be the same basic 4 abilities shit with the same gameplay. Just create 120 variants of Juggernaut.
    Yeah it’s sad to see, tinker was one of my favourites. Idk why are they listening to the whiners. Don’t dumb dota down please…
[deleted]
    kiyotaka
        Literally played 1 game in pro that had impact and everyone keeps talking about it
            [1 game impact btw](https://gyazo.com/cb7207944e25729f2a8824d1a291f616).
                the pro that plays tinker - last tinker win 1 year ago...

game is the one vs tundra
                    Why would that matter?

So he had no impact against TS when he went 20/1/9? No impact vs BC when he went 20/6/16?
                        Don't mind him lol. Hes simply out of the loop.
                        yes yes you got me there, the tinker player has more than 1 game on the hero. 

Now stop pretending you don't know what I mean. The game vs tundra they lost lanes and were behind the whole game(90% tundra win estimate), until tinker hit his timings and joined the fights stomping, then 1v1 tb in base from across the map and won the game.

Everyone on social media was posting clips and talking about it. Kyotaka then became the "tinker player", even though tinker does not appear on the first page of his most played heroes. Now that is IMPACT. That is an Imortal game tinker players reminisce about.
            It was a really impressive tinker game tbf
            Someones salty that they're a shit tinker
                everyone is a shit tinker player this patch
    Scripters also play him.

Honestly he's in the same pool as meepo and brood, the game is better when they are bad.
        What’s wrong with brood? Seems pretty goatse to me down in crusader
            >goatse

She seems "spread apart red gaping asshole" in crusader?
                Spread apart by eight legs, no less
                Yea that's the mental image I get of Brood players in pubs.
            > goatse 

bro i dont want to think about that.
            ...I sincerely hope you meant to say GOATed
                I know what I said.
                    Based af
            People hate brood because she can just cheese out a fast win thats almost impossible to stop without specific counters.

Its not a fun thing to play against, and it gives people wins in games way above their skill level because it’s laughably easy to do, while being incredibly difficult to stop.

The hero isn’t overpowered though, because a fair few heroes easily counter her - its just fucked if you don’t have them.

At least that was the case with previous versions of brood, im not sure how true that is now. 

Also goatse wtf
                I mean that’s a draft issue. When you’re in draft and you see a big brood shaped weakness in what everyone else has picked, then you pick the support/core that helps manage her. 

The game is won and lost alot in the draft alone even without the 3 ‘cheese’ heroes when relatively balanced skill matches are considered.
                    Dota should not be balanced around uncounterable heroes, it should not be a requirement for pub to make sure you have an earthshaker or ember spirit.
                        but it is absolutely balaned around that and always has been. It’s also why it consistently had 95%+ of the roster picked at TIs instead of 40-60% at Worlds in LoL, because Dota has a lot of niche heroes that do niche things that other characters don’t do. So even if a certain hero is not meta, it can still be picked and be strong in the right scenario.

LoL on the other hand has a bunch of A and B heroes where they basically do the same thing with minimum skill design changes, but the core concepts are the same. This means that whenever one of those gets better numbers in the patch, the rest of the champions that do the same are redundant. You’d like that more?
                            There is a difference between a hero doing niche things and requiring specific hero counters and timings to have a chance.

Omni knights does unique things yet pretty much any line up can fight him.
                                omniknight at his core isn’t that different from other save supports like Oracle. Recently he’s been played as a core but that’s about it. It’s nothing like Tinker or old Techies
                    No other hero was ever “pick one of the 3 hard counters or just lose”
                > People hate brood because she can just cheese out a fast win thats almost impossible to stop without specific counters.

Can you please expand on that?
                    She would sit mid and take your rax by like 15 minutes. Heroes like Earthshaker instakill her, and a few others can eat the spider army no problem.

But outside of those counters, you either lose a rax by 15 minutes, or dedicate your whole team to stopping her, while the enemy team has two free lanes. 

She could 1v1 almost any hero in the game except her counters, and was nearly impossible to gank cause her webs. The game is over before you can get items to deal with it.
                Also, she's (imo) useless in team fights. Doesn't add much.
            The issue with brood is her playstyle is completely different to other heroes and needs certain tools as a result of it. The fact that she can only web one lane means she's going to sit there all game so she needs some way to push to be effective. If that's too strong though towers just melt whenever the enemy team is distracted by a 4v5 teamfight.

No worries, you know where she is and she's alone, you can just kill her. So to counter that, she needs some sort of escape. In the past it was invisibility, currently it's a speed boost and unrestricted pathing. But if the escape is too strong she's impossible to kill and will just whittle away at towers all game.

So you end up with a hero who has the potential to be incredibly annoying because you can win a team fight, start to go high ground and then your barracks fall over because a spider has been eating them the entire time you were fighting. She's like Nature's Prophet in that she spends all game ratting but at least with NP he (usually) turns up to fights and can (usually) be killed if you respond quickly enough. You don't need to pull out a very specific counterpick to deal with him like you do brood. She's in a good position right now because in the hands of a good player she can be very effective but isn't strong enough to make people pull out their hair every other game. It's better for the health of the game when she's slightly weak rather than slightly strong.
                This is actually a really helpful write up. Thanks for the reply
        Please leave meepo alone, he is just a geomancer
        I don't deny that scripters/smurfs exist but it's such a major cope. I'm invoker/tinker/aw spammer and the amount of times I get accused of scripting or smurfing is crazy. Especially since mid is now the least played role so you get matched against non mid players who get flamed by their team instead of getting help. Or my team accusing their mid of such, when he's clearly not. Tinker and AW are(were) also really good at punishing dogshit do nothing hero picks, like ppl pick some lich+rubick and some meme offlane hero that plays passively/has no initiation and people instead of learning to think about their picks blame tinker/aw.

Fun fact: like 80% of accusers I've encountered were pos4 players, who do nothing to hamper my game/help their mid.
            I don't think AW is that hard to play honestly, and if i spent enough time on it invoker also seems possible to learn.

The thing about Tinker is that I've more or less tried him, and it was hard, yet i play vs Tinkers all the time who have perfect micro control of their abilities and positioning, which kind of leads to the feeling they must be scripting the blink+rockets+shivas/whatever, it just goes a little too fast and a little too perfect for what my experience tells me it should.
        Brood has been a manfighter, not an evasive splitpusher, for years now. Her splitpushing playstyle is non-existent. She can't even gobble up space at an extraordinary pace compared to other heroes, like back in the day when she was a top 5 fastest jungler.

Literally no one who still complains about brood even knows what they hated. The hero  that earned that hatred legitimately got removed from Dota and no one complained, because unlike Techies, the cancer it provided didn't actually provide unearned 7 minute delayed serotonin.
            It was so stupid when she had 4 ancient camps to eat at mid
    why not remove chrono and invokers tornado?
    amen brother, fucking astral imprisonment
    astral imprisonment isnt even a big deal?
    U misspell arc warden
    I did. I calibrated down specifically to enjoy him, then was starting to climb. I had 400 games in 7.35 on tinker. I get hard on high skill ceiling heroes. And my boy earth spirit gets no passive. His gift was you get the same shit while everyone gets a new ability. 

Feelsbadman
I know people were frustrated to play against a tinker that would perma hex them or be uncatchable because he could refresh blink even when taking damage. 

They fixed the blink, why not just make it so hex can’t be refreshed? I saw someone else suggest that refreshing skills would cost more mana each time you’d refresh in a short period of time, like dazzle’s ult right now. 

By removing the possibility to refresh ANY item, they killed the hero and its flavor. Slowly but surely every single hero is getting dumbed down to a boring version of itself and then seeing other numbers pumped up to make it viable, but then what? Every single hero is going to be a copy with different animations and numbers on the skills? Are they going to remove Pudge’s hook? Remove Brood’s webs? Maybe Void’s choronosphere? What about Riki’s invis, isn’t that broken in low mmr where people don’t buy dust? Maybe make Invoker have only 4 skills like other heroes?

I don’t care about how much they nerf the numbers, ranges, cooldowns and whatever, just let the fun and unique heroes be fun and unique. Nerf the shit out of tinker if you have to, but don’t fucking remove the only thing that made this hero so interesting to play.

People will say “get fucked tinker pickers” and whatnot, but when their favorite hero does a little less damage than before and falls out of meta they care? Can’t wait to see bristlebacks and snipers get trashed to see what these people will play when their 2 buttons heroes are dead.
    First they came for Techies, and I did not speak because I don't play Techies.


Then they came for Tinker...


You know how the story ends.
        Not the gamers comparing techies and tinker nerfs to Holocaust 😭
        The story end when we get a good game with no dogshit heroes like Techies and Tinker. 
            Who do you main or what heroes you play?
    Refreshing hex wasn't broken, and the hero was already bad in general before this patch. This is just balancing for people who have nightmares about tinker at night and then post about it on reddit. You can find someone complaining about tinker on one of these threads and ask them to post the game id of the last time they got destroyed by a tinker and they won't be able to do it. Most of these people probably haven't even played against tinker more than 5 times in the past year.
        I know it isn’t, it’s just the most common complaint that you’d see on Reddit from these people. Just makes me sad for my fav her to be honest. So much time learning and practicing, so much muscle memory, all gone in the trash.
        Gotta love all the tinker players absolutely losing their shit over this much welcome and honestly very delayed change.
            Link me the last game you played against a tinker
    I think tinker was in an ok place before this patch! This hero had a shit laning phase and almost always lost mid which is a fine trade off cause he’s gonna be strong late game with all the farms he gets assuming that the enemies aren’t smart enough to close the game pre 30 minutes. 
Hero changes are always welcome but sometimes the core idea of a hero should remain the same! A glass canon hero like tinker shouldn’t get a mobility/save spells like matrix or flare! (Neither should zeus or sniper) 
And i feel like if valve removed the matrix and kept the blink nerf than the hero would have been fine! 
You keep the core idea of a hero alive and keep ways around to punish him!
But alas 2k scrubs and redditors complain about tinker even though the hero has been like 94th most popular hero since the last patch!
I am a spammer and even I haven’t touched him since the cast range nerf!
        Can you go work for Valve and help with balancing it, please! I really agree with you comment about glass canon heroes not getting mobility or saves. It feels like every hero is just getting homogenized now.
    Hex was not really a problem, your support just can buy lotus or glimmer.
    exactly! Power creeping everyone and removing the unique interactions is pretty weird design choice!
    Tinker is a bitch to play against, i recently find him on many turbo matches, Windwaker makes him near impossible to get caught, with the recent changes to his barrier, ethereal, shivas, and even rapier he almost instagibs anyone that shows in the map late game. similar to dazzle, which was my favorite hero, it hurt that his item cd reduction was slashed, but it was fking broken that he could have a 16 second greaves with octarine and his ult. The state dazzle is in is still very strong and fun to play. So just give it time. PS I have very little resppect for tinker spammers so fuck you too :)
Hero just straight up lost his rocket for a garbage march that does nothing in this meta and lost his unique item interaction. I reckon they gonna remove his laser next patch also. Like why not?
    Laser on shard and make his current useless shard as his basic ability
        Tale as old as time...

I was there for the first march patch. Honestly this week's patch is mostly just killing nostalgia for me because, in truth, Tinker has been dead for a long long time.
Big problem was matrix, i dont really care about rearm items, but this makes tinker freaking empty, gutted like techies
    Post-change techies is amazing. His disarming is so much more useful. Remote mines were horrible to play against and ruined the pacing of matches.
        Dota becomes less and less unique by the patch
            Wrong
            This is the stupidest thing one could say after yesterday.

We have corpse baseball. We have a hero freely reconstrcting item builds, and another with nearly full sellback value. We got a hero with no mana, and another with tons of mana but no regen. We nerfed the most busted hero by inventing two side grade playstyles, without either being just the old but lesser. We made it so buying boots on a hero is griefing, but only half the time. We made a hero predict the future. We made two heroes who get one less slot and are rewarded the longer they go without needing it. We have a fragile nuker becoming melee, and another beckning melee from a range. We have heroes manipulating the shit out of night and day, and other forcing 4 un-vision between units. Like, I don't think the engines on other mobas can even handle the very concept of different team vision.
                You know what, fair enough you're right. I wasn't considering all of the new unique things that are added over the years. However, I'm still very sad to see the removal of iconic aberrations like Techies and Tinker. Did I hate playing against them, definitely. But I thought they were really cool hero designs that represented key principles of Dota's hero design. I'm not a fan of the style of balancing which just straight up guts the identities of heroes. I understand Techies is more effective  than he's ever been, however he is way less interesting. And the person I replied to is right-- he just feels like another do-everything spellcasting brawler now.
                    Remember all the hype when techies was finally added to dota 2. There is a very good reason for this, the old techies and his abilities were iconic of dota 1 days.
        Yeah another brawl hero with stun, disarm, nuke, slow, etc. Dota has already lost a lot of unique skills. But sounds like valve want to move on to this direction. Tinker confirm this
            I mean if those “unique skills” are fucking aids I have no problem getting rid of them. I’ve been playing dota for close to 15 years at this point and have been waiting for the day they remove rearming items the same way I waited for them to remove old techies
                this is so funny coming from a visage played. Your hero is prob next on the chopping block mate
                In 2 years Visage birds will not exist and instead his ult will shoot out two birds models that turn stone form to stun things, then disintegrate. Better not hear you crying about it.
                    I suggest replacing all heroes with one hero called Brooler. I already have some ideas of how Brooler's spells should be like:

Q- Brooler leaps forward, slowing enemies and moving 800 units

W- Brooler slams the ground, slowing heroes and dealing 120/240/360/400 damage. Brooler W does 1.5x damage to creeps

E- On every 4th hit Brooler does extra damage and slows

R- Brooler unleashes his fury, dealing 600/700/800 damage to nearby enemies and stunning them. 80/70/60 second cooldown
                        You forgot to make Brooler's W do instant attacks so he can scale
                            My mistake. Clearly I need some more training under my belt until I can become a full-time balancer at Valve Software
                    i actually can totally see this. visage is also a pubstomper in the right hands and the smurfs playing tinker can annihilate low pubs on any hero really so they'll just move to a new one. after they inevitably lobotomize arc warden im sure visage is not too far down the line
                The skills and heroes called aids on this putrid site is exactly why I played dota.

Fact that anything that wasn't that was allowed in always irked me. 

Every game I played that had your "pacing" of match was sadly a game wasted. We have thousands of skinner boxes, and had only one Dota... Glad you enjoy your Turbo though, good for you.
                    Eh I'm fine with those heroes getting gutted. You liked heroes that were annoying as fuck to play against. It is what it is.
                        they were heroes you actually played games against, the shit you mention is basically watching tv while eating doritos of gaming, the annoyance is your bowl of doritos not being at hand

Don't bother answering, we've got decade of i quit posts and people mentioning how dota's just their brain dead addiction and how they ruined their life by doing same action over and over again for years while getting mad if their skinner box would demand any agency in any form.
                            Is english your first language?
                Couldn't they literally jsut remove blink rearm? Is there any other Tinker item that's particularly problematic? Sure Shivas is good but it doesn't matter if you can't blink
                    maybe hex and defense matrix. they give damage block to tinker, making tinker able to blink out when he takes damage
                    The truth is that they can't stop scripters.
                    Others mentioned Hex, I’ve seen Shivas rearm be especially game breaking
                        I wouldn't say game breaking, hero has been dead for months even when he can rearm items
                        If you mean gamebreaking as not letting people with potatoes play. Yeah. But in general it aint a problem
                    ugh...hex?
                        Nobody was getting hex for 90% of matches when it matters for years. This is pure ptsd from 2013 shit
                            >This is pure ptsd from 2013 shit

This describes everyone whining about tinker for the past few years
                        I haven't seen hex on Tinker in a while. Normally it's just like blink Shivas bkb and game is over for one team before he gets more items... 
            fuck that we still have unique skills many that wont fly in other moba if a few cancer once get cut so be it, valve have tried for years to keep techies and tinker "uniqueness" but MAJORITY of player still hate these hero  
only in reddit you will see these 2 "unique" hero get defended and since most reddit user is from NA and either doesnt play ranked or didnt play dota at all the sentiment means nothing
                >but MAJORITY of player still hate these hero

People will always hate characters, this is such a useless thing to balance over lmao

Have you tried getting better?
            another dota redditor who thinks unique automatically equals good
            As old techies spammer, this change was healthy and good. He still retains some aspects of old techies, but is no longer centred around it. 

Tinker got off easy.
        Remote Mines were based as fuck and it was just pussy Techies players who refused to get the damage talent and just transition into a core to wrap the game up. It's just the noob playstyle of playing not to lose, not playing to win that kept people in those games for ages. Herald games still go on for hours for the same philosophy.
            Old techies was an elite map control and lane pushing hero. People just turtled in the base though, so everyone went ape shit when techies was picked, even if you knew how to play it properly. 
                even if not played as a turtle, the elite map control aspect make it one of the hardest hero to go HG into. even with detection and no aghanim it still feels so frustrating trying to siege a techies held HG
            👌ok
            I completely agree. Til this day Techies players who knew how to slowly transition into right click build when he's nearing his lvl.25 damage talent have my respect. I don't think I ever lost a game with a competent teammate Techies who knew how to do that. It's one thing when they're good at mine placement/concealment and area denial it's another thing when they're also capable of suddenly switching up their playstyle as the game progresses.
        Tbf they needed like 3-4 buffs in a row before people started picking them. This is probably what OP meant.
    https://www.dota2.com/hero/tinker

Rearm video still shows him firing missiles lmao
The people who think this Tinker change is good are shortsighted.

This hero is currently at 36% winrate on dotabuff after 2 days, and people are picking him less and less. Yes, he sucks now and you will not see him in your pubs (you almost never saw him in your pubs last patch either tbh), but Valve is not going to leave a hero at 36% winrate. He will receive 15 different buffs and be 'balanced' after this rework. Except this reworked playstyle is way more toxic than before, whatever you thought of the previous iteration. Anyone who played back when Tinker had march would know.

More people are going to play him because the skill barrier of entry for this new version is way lower. He will sit there on the highground spamming march in losing games and opponents will be forced to walk into 3 layers of march every time they try to take a lane of rax. For people playing *with* Tinker, this hero now sucks at fighting and probably won't join as many fights because his kit no longer has damage, but will TP around the map soaking up all the farm again, which was precisely why people hated playing with the old march Tinker. He's a walking bounty rune that will feed and throw winning games, and then stall for 20 min before losing.
    YEP

i tried pos 4 tinker last night and it was pretty awful. had decent success in the offlane killing their carry but march does nothing. it has no purpose other than wave clear and the healing on it is dogshit. he has nonsense itemization now, he needs boots because blink can't solve mobility anymore but he can't utilize any boot upgrades

but i got to do the classic tinker gameplay of march spamming the fuck out of every single highground push the enemy made before they eventually won. once this iteration gets forced into being decent by valve in a letter patch or two, this guys gunna be in a lot more games than he was pre-patch
    *Exactly* once he gets buffed, people will remember how march was by far his most cancer aspect, and without rearming items, any scrub will be able to play him
    Delete tinker then.

Replace his ult by some "tesla tower" ability, his q now freezes, w gets changed to some bots pulling on pleb and his E creates teleports him into the enemy, making them miss and deal 50% of his int in damage, but to tinker and his surroundings, as it is unstable
The hero was already shit lol this seemed so unnecessary
Tinker is already dead since 4-5 patches (basically since 95% of Dota2s lifetime if we are being honest)

The next 1-2 patches he will get obscenes amount of buffs, maybe not as a mid, but as a carry, offlane or even support and everybody will start crying, I can smell it from lightyears away.
    I play dota since 2016 and i have ptsd from tinker in that era idk what kind of nightmare he was in the era you are talking about dude.i hope you overcome your ptsd
        I dont have tinker PTSD, I am the tinker spammer. I have over 1k games on Tinker.
            Spam tinker now 😈😈😈
        Dota 1 Tinker was fun. Not super popular. Loved going manta
    Make him Universal, make him a right clicker. I honestly don't see him coming out of the grave if ever they keep rearm not working on items. At least Dazzle's entire kit including Aghanim's and shard are still strong enough that Bad Juju not working on items anymore didn't completely kill his core viability. Support Tinker with March doesn't sit well with me.
They should revert the changes and bring back old tinker. He was a unique moba character and the game has really lost its uniqueness over the last couple of years.
    I went out of my way to buy an award for this. Tinker was special. If the items were a problem, make a facet that says items cost 15% more and can be rearmed (I don’t want this, but it’s better than nothing). But to say that he was overtuned or overpowered like some other people are suggesting… well the data doesn’t suggest that. 

He has a cult following. I don’t want to see this, nor does any tinker player I know.
        cult following made of smurfs lmao
            Nah man, regular players too. Sorry you got destroyed in 1/50 games by a Smurf
                Look, I don’t like the change but Tinker was extremely obnoxious.

I know he was in the dumpster already, but they should have just removed Matrix. Make him unique that way. Let him be a late game monster, but if he gets caught he dies. Full on glass cannon. If you play perfectly past the laning stage, you win the game.
            Bro a smurf was gonna dunk on you whether they played tinker or battlefury pitlord.
                eh not really. Against most heroes it is much easier to itemise and play against. Against Tinker it is almost impossible unless you have direct counters
                    You are literally delusional if you think that smurfs will can only play tinker. Tinker only looks good if you have better mechanics and macro economy compared to the opponents. This directly translates to other mid heroes like lina and storm. Whats the difference between tinker in a previous patch and storm this patch in the hands of a smurf rofl.
                        I didn’t say they can only play Tinker. I said Tinker is just way more obnoxious. Your underlord example is stupid. Even if you crush the game on underlord, there’s simply a limit to what the hero can do. A good Tinker smurf just 1v5s the whole game, you can never show on any lane.

Storm back when Bloodstone had charges and gave mana regen was a smurf hero aswell yes. But now he is far more gimped, you don’t really have the mana regen to completely fuck up a team by yourself like you could back in 2015.
                            Tinker cant fuck a team up, he was literally underpowered last patch. A storm ahead this patch can literally pick off any solo hero like a fat tinker could last patch, like any other hero. People think chain hex is still a thing since the mana cost nerf to it like 8 years ago.

Bro tinker HAS been gimped since last patch. Last patch you couldnt refresh blink damage cd so you get on top on him he dies. Reworking rearm like this is the equivalent to removing ball lightning because “bro no hero has a 0 cd escape!!!” After storm had been dumpstered the patch before.

Lastly, a smurf literally would be able to do the same shit on every hero. I play unranked with my crusader legend friends and the amount of games im afk brain off shitting on kids with lina mid around the map is insane. Its the same shit I would be doing if tinker were strong last patch as well.

Anyway, rip to the hero, i literally called it a month ago when they nerfed laser range ( this nerf literally made no sense) for that whoever was balancing now was probably gonna delete the hero cos of ppl always complaining about him, and its so sad that i was correct.
Another unique hero is dead, but people seems happy about it...
    It's a feedback loop. Valve brings in semi-casual players by dumbing things down and adding weird arcade stuff and increasing ability and mobility spam. Then those new players celebrate the loss of unique heroes who impact the overall game and add strategy.


More and more old players leave every patch. You see more unique hero design in fucking HOTS these days. Sadly the game itself is pretty mid.
        7 year old player here: I’m overjoyed to see tinker destroyed. The hero was not healthy for the game and it will be even better if the hero gets a complete rework
            7 years is nothing. That was around the time they started doing all the casualization. You do realize Dota is 20 years old?
            Ah yes, the hero who saw almost zero picks and had a sub 50+ winrate pub is unhealthy
Truly insightful
        yes the complexity of fast finger, and auto losing because an uncoordinated team
            Mechanical skill should be rewarded
                There's a game that rewards mechanical skill more than macro strategy. The name starts with L. Look it up.
                    Even then, tinker worked against only specific match ups and you could not first pick him and just win against whatever enemy you are playing... and there was the entire "sit in the trees and wait for tinker to come" ganking strategy against him as well. 

you can't say that Tinker removed all macrostrategy from the game, quite the opposite I would say
                Setting up a macro isn't 'mechanical skill'. 

I agree the hero was wildly overnerfed, but you're all lying to yourselves thinking that only a small portion of the remaining Tinker players were doing it without macros. I can't even remember the last game I played against a Tinker where the dude could blink without shivas auto-triggering.
                    Maybe you don't know, but shift-queue mechanic exists where you hold shift and press actions preemptively and you hero executes them as soon as possible. It is not forbidden, it is not limited to Tinker. Anyone can do that and that's what you were probably seeing
                        I've been playing Warcraft 3 for 20 years, I don't need a lesson about shift-queueing. And that's not what I'm talking about.

Tinkers unable to blink without shiva-ing right after, even when they're blinking back to the woods and the shiva circle can give up their position is not shift-queueing. It's a macro.
    Dota has become overtuned for a while now. It's depending too much on adding complexity as innovation.
    Reddit mods are actively deleting posts that are criticizing the rework. They’re even deleting posts that are in support of it if the majority of the comments do not agree with the rework
        I'd like to see some evidence of that. If so that's damning but do you have proof? I've been bitching for years since the Techies rework and my comments and posts haven't been removed. We even have the guy who did the Techies Tuesday thing.


I've seen a lot of communities with nazi moderators but haven't seen evidence of that here. Are there any things like unreddit or whatever left with proof?
            https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1czo0m5/how_it_feels_to_play_dota_knowing_that_tinker_has/

This post was left up for about 6 hours before more and more comments became increasingly critical of the rework.
    Sure, tinker was unique but also cancer to play against.
Honestly tinker, old techier, arc warden and "smurf" heroes with unique abilities and mechanics make dota different from LOL, and making them like other regular heroes is making everything more boring, and also new techies is also interesting hero with really much damage for support and fun to play but this tinker... it seems like disaster or maybe it's just me tinker main, tinker wasn't really a hero which had gigantic winrate like huskar in his best days, yeah maybe tinker version when arcane blink firstly appeared and he had that cheating aghs and marchs was too much but man nerfing him so much just to kill him in the end, for me tinker was getting weaker and weaker every update but still playable till 7.35, for me that was it and after few matches I never played him again hoping for buffs in the next patch for him to become at least playable, so yeah hope one day I can play tinker if not 7.28-7.29 version than at least 7.33-7.34

edit: looked up on dotabuff he has 35% winrate, yeah it's first days nobody knows how to play him but anyways he won't even get 42-43%
Tinker is dead long time ago
I hate Tinker with passion alongside AM but removing reset cd of his item is a bit too much
I do not agree with this. what is a point? You add new cosmetics for it, ask us to vote in collectors cashe for 3 sets and make hero 33% winrate? This is bulshit. Make all heroes playable. TY.

p.s. I do not play Tinker. But love to have challenge in my games.
If any of the tinker haters ever played tinker, they would've known you cant perma hex a carry to death in late game if the game is not fully one-sided. Mana cost only allows u to do 3-4 times of hex and the damage is not enough. Well surely tinker can hex a support to death in late game but WHO ELSE CANT? Every carry in late game can instantly kill u if u are alone. Why not delete AM with travel boot?
    I almost never bought hex for tinker unless I’m against an am or something. 

Oh a lvl 30 tinker can full to zero you? So can tons of other heros in the game
        indeed. Hex is too expensive and costs too much mana. Normally I would choose wind waker instead……
Looks like Slacks was right after all. 

The community is ruining the uniqueness of the game and the quality of the games played with some insane levels of toxicity and whining.

Thanks for not growing up.
itt: people traumadumping over the time a tinker beat them in an unranked pub 11 years ago
Hero was largely dead to me back when they removed March (and ironically they gave it back, but still dumpstering him anyway).

I say this as someone that used to be a Tinker player: Changing it where you couldn't rearm the Blink damage CD was good, I always thought it was stupid and bullshit when you could just rearm and blink your way out of pudge rot or any of Veno's spells.
“If everyone likes your game but no one loves it, it will fail.”  - Mark Rosewater, lead designer of Magic the Gathering

The point being it's a give and take. You need to have some things that people hate in order to have some things that people love. In reality Dota isn't going to fail, but having those kind of things are a part of what makes Dota the greatest game of all time.
I loved how tinker was. The game play was unique. Greedy and annoying but unique.
Same as old techies, but I don't understand why they don't just delete the heros they wanna kill instead of turning them into a different one. Techies went from being a total headache to being really boring, like "oh look, another hero with a stun, a slow, a disarm and a nuke! how interesting and new to the game!" if Valve is in the plan to delete unique but obnoxious heros from the game, then so be it, fine my me, but actually delete them instead of turning them into some generic shit
    Why waste the assets and delete the hero when they can be salvaged into something different? That would just be wasteful also they would have to refund cosmetics.
The greatest tragedy of our eon.
    [The greatest tragedy of our eon.](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dota2_gamepedia/images/c/c4/Vo_puck_puck_lose_04.mp3) (sound warning: Puck)

---
Bleep bloop, I am a robot. *OP can reply with "Try hero_name" to update this with new hero*

[*^(Source)*](https://github.com/Jonarzz/DotaResponsesRedditBot) *^(|)* 
[*^(Suggestions/Issues)*](https://github.com/Jonarzz/DotaResponsesRedditBot/issues/new/choose) *^(|)* 
[*^(Maintainer)*](https://www.reddit.com/user/MePsyDuck/) *^(|)* 
[*^(Author)*](https://www.reddit.com/user/Jonarz/)
I tried playing it as a completely different hero similar to how you would build Leshrac. But honestly, by the end I just though would I rather play this or Lesh? It works but doesn't feel good at all to play.
    I did the same, people are still trying to play him like he always was traditionally played, you cant really do it anymore. You definitely need boots of some kind, you need to be extremely careful split pushing, but you have a shitton of utility built into your hero. Spamming 3-4 marches and defense matrixes into the middle of a teamfight, especially with the healing march, is extremely useful and can definitely turn the tides. On top of those two, you have a long and oppressive blind, and a really good shard that disrupts, relocates, and lowers the cast range of enemies. Pick this hero mid with a carry or offlaner that can be enabled by all that utility, or maybe experiment with him in another position. I hate when people whine "hero is dead completely unplayable" then they get a minor buff and suddenly start stomping because people figured out how to play  it (looking at: every iteration of OD ever)
        I don't actually think he's a mid anymore tbh and his kit actually fits quite well for an offlaner now. 7 armor, 310 MS, ranged hero at level 1 is quite high stats, add march with the left facet and defense matrix and you have a global defensive offlaner in a similar vane to underlord mixed with leshrac. The only issue I have with it is it really doesn't feel good to play because of so much muscle memory and his damage being kinda bad now, but can definitely see the vision.
        what about midas rushing now, isn't it good? since u can stack cooldown, at some point in mid game with enough int u can use like every min or less
Looking at the stats, this might be the most unbalanced Dota has ever been.
Yea it is time to find another excuse of your herald damnation  for not ranking up, reddit
At this point just remove his ult, reseting the skills is pretty much worthless compared to a proper ultimate. Give him the war3 ult where he turns into a giant machine, make it really different. 

they simply removed 60% of the hero by doing this, there is nothing worth the play anymore. And people have thousands of games on the hero, because if you're not a specialist this hero is abysmally bad. All this work down the drain.

And for people screaming SMURFSSSS, i havent seen a tinker smurf in the last 5 years in my games. All the smurfs are on Sniper, bristle slark necro, these days.
    More like 90%. Rearm was the soul of Tinker. If you changed all his regular abilities to something else but kept Rearm, most of the Tinker lovers would still play him. Another hero gutted.
        Current state of tinker and techies break my heart.
    I agree actually. You may as well just rework him entirely.
Scrapping a unique hero design... Same lazy balancing as with Techies.
    Yep, I called this way back when Techies was reworked as well. They've also been killing splitpush heroes as well. TB illusions get weaker if they are far away, so you can't splitpush with him.

2 more years and Visage won't have birds, Arc Warden clone will be uncontrollable, Invokers spells will be removed and switched so he just has 4 basic spells, an aghs spell, a shard spell, and one of two facet spells. And Meepo will only be mega meepo, where leveling his ult just makes his stack bigger.

Can't be having any unique stuff in this game. Every hero must be the same and follow the rules!
    lazy balancing? the hero was completely reworked. He actually has a role in fights and doesnt benefit from afk mining all game. yeah pretty sure more changes will be coming to tinker and he will get more of a kit, but he is one hero that benefits so much more from item buffs, once he had fucking wind waker he would legit be almost impossible to kill. Can speak to this being every turbo game he is not shut down in early.
Stop, stop! He’s already dead!
Most people hate tinker, meepo and arc warden not because they're OP. It's because they can't play them and it makes them insecure to see players with higher skill than them have fun with the hero. 

There are several heroes that are straight up unfair compared to those 3 but no one bats an eye because they're easier to play and anyone can abuse those low skill braindead OP heroes unlike tinker, meepo and warden. 🙂🙂
    I completely agree and it seems weird to me because in other games rewarding people playing more mechanically complex heroes, fighters, weapons etc is viewed as natural. More like a rule than anything. People oftentimes say "X is very strong but it is fine because of the skill involved." 

I don't understand why it is not a case in dota..

I genuinely think that Valve should add more precision and timing based spells, micromanagement and knowledge of game physics because it is fun and makes it more than just a real-time strategy game. It's a great selling point too when you can show and tell your friends about bizarre things that can be done in game. I remember how dota2 heroes were viewed as innately overpowered compared to LoL champions and Tinker was often a forefronter of an example... now it even seems to be the opposite and with this patch it is definitely not getting better
    Valve isn’t just listening to players. They don’t make nerfs solely because “Our players are jelly of the people who play this hero!”
    Now put your own cock out of your mouth and think that maybe people just fucking hate the hero and it has nothing to do with insecurity. It's a fucking videogame in which people want to have fun.
        By the way you speak, you don't seem to be having a lot of fun. Offended ? Sorry Mr. I can't press many buttons at once hero guy. :)
            he got really offended, by now u are paying rent inside his mind by the amount of salt
            Get em bro! Go off king! Save our boy tinker.
        I've seen some wild takes here but arguing that insecurities, because someone can't play certain heroes, are the reason for hating a hero is wild.

Arc Warden and Meepo are okay as long as they are balanced but for example the Arc Warden era where he could buy rapiers and stand in base basically while the clone does all the work without losing the rapier was toxic as fuck. Was it unique? Yes. Was it healthy? No. Arc Warden was in a good place last patch and Meepo too in my opinion.
    This imo
    What a bullshit take, and something I saw no one ever mentioning in all those years. I and many others can play all 3 of them, doesn't mean we specifically enjoy play against them.  
Please stop pretending your random guesses (based on absolutely nothing) are facts.  
Also op and unfun to play against are not synonyms.
Dotabuff says his winrate went from 49.3% down to 35.0%. -14.3% is by far the biggest hero nerf of this patch. The 2nd biggest is just -7.6% (morph).
Ah yes, lore accurate Tinker.
I loved how tinker was. The game play was unique. Greedy and annoying but unique.
Valve just beating a already dead hero.
Someone on the dev team has some unresolved trauma caused by Tinker players.
Blink as a basic ability incoming.
this was absolutely the wrong way to 'fix' tinker.

he should have never been given a free boots of travel, and they should have begun adjusting his playstyle by preventing rearm from refreshing boots of travel.

the problem is less that he had the ability to 100-0 someone with his kit, and more that he was a hero that played off the map for the majority of the game, and that his entire identity actually revolved around abusing fountain regen.
My theory is that Valve was running out of time to fix tinker and drop the patch so they decided to just kill him entirely and prepare a solution for Tinker in the next months, something like "Tinker has 2 slots in his inventory that apply the rearm on the items put there, if changing the item in this slots cd 20" so he can rearm and still use blink and shivas for example but would lose the infinite hex and ghost scepter or exchange blink with a hex and lose all mobility. I think it could be a nice idea.
I eat Tinkers for breakfast. Never could relate the hatred on this hero. Now LC and fucking Morph. Fuck those two.
People hate Tinker because they can't play it but they get stomped by it.
They've done the same to slardar... Only regular slardar players will know this, but his moves cost way too much mana now that it's difficult to play him without a support having mana boots
Not sure where all this hate comes from, I have not seen a Tinker in my games since at least 6 months ago. I would worry more about good Arc/Meepo players (smurfs mostly).
Everybody was complaining about being permahexed but to reach to that point you had to have a big amount of networth on a weak ass hero that couldn't farm good on his own or even snowball . 9 patches in a row he was getting nerfed as if he was first pick/ban in the pro scene . In reality any core hero on late game with the same networth can probably pick off any hero if he has the kit to . For example storm , am , pa all of these heroes can do the same in a different way . Everybody had a bad picture of tinker cause of the smurfs/scripters stomping in pubs but they ll do the same with a different hero . I don't understand how everyone is happy that they killed one of the unique heroes concept and if dota continues this mentality all heroes will be the same thing just with different kits . Really sad times.
Tinker had it coming. Pretty shure that Volvo correlates the player game enjoyment rating at the end of matches with heros.

Very likely that tinker came out bottom consistently, the item spam was just to broken.
    even when I win against a tinker the games were not enjoyable
    That's what people don't understand, same reason techies was changed, nobody liked a techies in the match
        Eh, Tinker had 5 people hating him in a match. Old techies had 9 people.
            Lmao, old old tinker with march and blink easily had  his teammates hating him, especially the pos 1. There’s nothing more annoying than going to a juicy wave to farm only for some irradiated purple midget to yoink it before I even get close enough to sap XP. Want to farm the nearby jungle camps instead? Too bad, he took them too. Want to TP to the tower that’s getting pushed in by a big wave? Too bad, he’s already there.
                tbh old tinker was the 1 in most games anyway (farming prio =/= lane, was very common back then for the mid to be 1)
                That tinker hasn't been around for years, so why are we talking about him?
                    Trauma dumping. The beast may have lost its claws but the scars remain
                        At least someone finally said it out loud... Valve balancing heroes around PTSD from years ago.
                I agree, so I’m even more confused that they brought back march. No march tinker on your team was nothing like old techies on your team. Now when he eventually gets buffed to compensate for this dogshit wr, he’ll be back to cancer with march
                    March sucks without perma blink. Try it
                        You do not need perma blink to spam march on your high ground
                            If you don't want to get caught you do
            That's why techies was reworked first, first most disliked, then going down the list.
        I did. And I liked tinker. And I like every single hero that requires at least somewhat of an execution and provides unique experience. I'd much rather see all the svens getting reworked to a unique heroes
            Nice for you, thinker tends to be nice to the player, but PITA for anyone else, even for the team he is on. 1 happy player 9 upset player is not a good ratio.

  
For most other heros execution is much more about positioning, timing and map movement. If you want to spam buttons with lots of skillshots LoL is always an option (free of any judgment - different players different preferences).
                The main reason why I used to consider dota over league is the presence of unique heroes like techies, tinker, arc, etc. I always appreciated how Valve weren't a bunch of pussies trying to please Reddit crybabies who wanna stick to basics forever. I don't know now. The reason why I like tinker is not because of buttons, but because he was bringing a unique experience. He's much different than let's say invoker who has tons of buttons but still plays by the rules. I don't like invoker all that much, I want something completely different from all other heroes. League, if you want, have tons of invokers and non of tinkers
                    As much as I hate tinker, unique heroes were definitely a strong point of dota and they keep removing them or dumbing them down a lot like io.

Id rather keep tinker, techies, etc, than just have another generic nuker. A better solution would be a better ban system - but instead they just went and made bans worthless lol.
                    I hope theres people outthere that preserve a few big  version of the game client , we already have dota classics 6.84 iirc , i wanna go back and play those game even with half are bots players , when the time come when they rework every hard heroes like invoker to reddit friendly , thats when i move on from the official server . Its too early to say but Its been a good run valve/icefrog .
                        Go play Chen and quit whining
                        ok old man 6.84 is still available on WC3 and you can still find games there if you really cared
                    Idk how you think tinker is more unique than other heroes, phoenix for example is very unique, no single target skill, spawn birds with your hp that you can throw to floor, turns into an egg that turns night into day. You probably say that tinker is unique just because you like spamming items that are obviously OP and uncounterable past certain point.
                        >spamming items that are obviously OP and uncounterable past certain point

lol
                        Phoenix is pretty cool, yeah. Tinker is also cool. He used to utilize items and manage resources like no one else. 

Also, being strong is fun af. On top of that tinker is also stylish, he's gameplay just looks beautiful, you could feel this aderall behind the screen. Well, used to look good.
                            I mean it's cool only for 1 person playing it and miserable for 5 enemies and boring for 4 teammates, it's a bad hero design for a 5v5 game.
                                No, it's cool regardless. I much rather lose to a red bull tinker that spend time and learnt the hero that to a drooling monkey playing one button meta
                                Hell no having a teammate Tinker before this patch is not boring at all. Barring literal turds who don't look at the map to join every fight, he joins in almost every skirmish, occasionally gave bottle sips to teammates before tping back to base, stacking camps for him is very fulfilling coz you know he will wreck house when he hits his timings regardless of how bad his lane went, provides seemingly endless utility and dps completely unique to him. I used to play Tinker a lot a decade ago but gave up coz I was never cut out as a mid player but any high skill high ceiling mid hero always have my respect(Tinker, Invoker, Meepo, Arc Warden, Visage, etc.). He's detestable to face against but he's far from the most miserable hero to have as a teammate.
                                It wouldn't be so if more heroes had gameplay versitality to match what tinker offers
                        If anything, I'm a brood spammer. Tinker used to be a real problem for me due to laser aoe and blind. Fortunately I don't base my opinion on my matchup, I can view the game not only as a player against tinker. He had objectively cool concept and rewarded people for investing time into learning a character
        Well, one person did
    Just because the hero owns in your 2k bracket doesnt mean its broken. If it was Tinker would be first picked every single game, and have a winrate over 50%, not closer to 40%. The hero obviously had strengths with farm, but so is the case for all heros in dota.
its more like Tyson beating up a broken Chisora to the point you feel pity for him. 

this match is between two of the best undefeated champions, tinker been taking L's for a long long time
people seem to forgot how aids it was to go highground vs tinker when he was spamming marches
    maybe, but the motherfucker can neither rocket nor blink away now.
    It's aids to go high ground at all right now. I fail to see your point.
        yeah...and we all hate it

Now imagine if Tinker was fucking good
    less aids now that he cant refresh item

more frequent fountain visit due to not being able to spam soul ring

also rocket is gone as the other reply mention
    For stretched-out matches, casual blademails with late game gold was a classic.
You could "technically" play the old tinker but you need a fuckload of items with octarine and arcane blink being a must buy.

Blink cd goes down to around 3 sec with it being around 0.5 seconds off rearm.
    Those two items are like almost 12k gold in total and you need lvl 18 and a soul ring to sustain your mana! Plus a lot of intelligence to get that 60%cd!

All of these conditions just so you can blink like every 2.7 seconds! 
And he still lacks nukes and solo killing potential!

Its not impossible but its still really tough!
        yeah it thats why i said you need a fuckload of items.

Tinker needs to afk farm till late game and hope the enemy doesn't end the game before he gets to that point.

Funny thing is Valve pretty much butchered tinker and turned dazzle into budget tinker.
            Then we have no clear idea where tinker should be played! He’s a terrible pos 2 if he needs to farm till 30 minutes just to have impact! He cannot play pos 1 cause he has no right click potential! He’s not a pos3 cause he has no initiation, no crowd control except for march which is already unreliable, no save except for defense matrix which isn’t exactly a save!
He lacks the farm if he plays pos 4 and will be reported if he takes any farm from the cores!
That’s what most players used to hate him for! Constantly farming the lanes and stalling the game with march!

The hero is in a weird spot! He has a terrible kit right now and yet valve has given him back his that spell for which he was hated to begin with!
Don't worry...there will be a new "Minor Patch" where Tinker gets the ability to teleport while stunned or disabled.
Rearm now is like saying "all your abilities now have 2.75/2/1.25s CD but have extra mana cost". At this point just make rearm passive and exactly do that. Or make using abilities reduce CD of items and vice-versa, at least that would be strategic and not just a "make or break" spell that can easily be either crap or op.
Well deserved. Not fun to play with or against.
Bless Gaben
Pog until they patch it
tbh great update but i hate what they did with lich honestly.
You could put Anthony Joshua's head instead of fury there coz they beat him hard twice
Tinker was a good hero, they make it unbalanced with News skills and dont know how to balance him anymore.

Suggestion:

Remove that fuckq^#>× Matrix

Innate ability: he have movespeed 332 and gains 2 per lvl

Overtunned: Rearm passive

Add a pênalti for concecutive refresh itens like (add 1.5/1/0.5s cooldown even refrshed, that up tô 5s cooldown when refreshes. Cooldown for reset

Remove the fact he can refresh dagger pênalti when attacked

Innate ability: he have movespeed 332 and gains 2 per lvl 

You have a normal hero
I hate tinker too but all of Reddit is going to be eating dirt when they change march of machines to have blink built in.  


Tinker blinks to target location and calls in March of the machines at same time.
I wish ench got better facets.
Or a better fucking innate mainly.
That's literaly what happened lol
Next patch they will remove tinker from game
The devs plays the game. And the love abbadom. Good thing. Good taste.
Can’t wait for one pro to make it look good in any roll in one game then we’re back to square one
Damn...
We have gather here today to honor the Memory of Boush the Tinker.
fQ❤t yy🙏🏿
but brings back march of machines 😫
Qtqrrp ppl
Valve is feel, Valve is very feel.
No missiles either, very happy with this change.
I really really hope they bring it back and rework some other shit, rearm in it's previous state (specially after the blink mute) wasn't broken at all, they destroyed they hero entirely and they removed his identity, it makes no sense to me, the hero is unplayable without soulring and mobility. It just sucks ass now. 

he was my favorite hero, but he got nerfed to the ground SO HARD and now this, they could've banned the hero from competitive/ranked play and it would've been better. also, they did it while other meta abuser heroes where dominating every skill bracket, it's dumb
Smurfs will need to find another hero to ruin my crusader ranked games
Just remove him from the game if you gonna nerf him like this and be done with it.  
No one is gonna play him anyway
I hated tinker but now Im just feel sorry for him They should just make that his blink dager resets on 3s like times when u get hit or something like that
that just keep getting OP heroes op, even with items all favors op heroes...
It's a pos 4 or 5 now xD
If some devs are reading here I hope they focus on Tinker's control aspect more.

Make the miss chance to laser have a longer duration and increasing aoe.
Make heat-seeking missles also pure damage and have lingering vision.
Swap defense matrix with warp flare, making the matrix the shard.

I think his aghs should just give him increased aoe or vision by now, given he can't use blink anymore. And maybe make his facets be between damage or control or buff for the team.

This way Tinker can properly function as crowd controller.

Edit: This is a suggestion for a rework for those who didn't seem to get the hint
    Hey, you know, you can just suggest ideas that you think should go on a new hero without needing to suggest stealing an old hero's model to do it.
    He doesn't have missiles anymore moron.
Someone at valve really hates tinker and that resonates with 99% of us. The remaining 1% tears is beautiful
Making it easier for noobs to play the him
I am fine giving factes "can reram blink dagger"
this makes me sad really. I know you guys hate him. and you can downvote me I don't care. I have a measly 45% winrate on tinker. yet I love playing him no matter how much I suck at it. he's my fun hero pick whenever I don't care about winning. now he's nothing.
rip cheaters and boosters
Took them 10 years but nice
as professional tinker hater this patch made me install dota again lol
Well done ! Deserved!
Hero was always dumb
best change in a while
I wish they would just delete the hero.
and stay down
    [and stay down](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/dota2_gamepedia/images/d/d3/Vo_gyrocopter_gyro_kill_04.mp3) (sound warning: Gyrocopter)

---
Bleep bloop, I am a robot. *OP can reply with "Try hero_name" to update this with new hero*

[*^(Source)*](https://github.com/Jonarzz/DotaResponsesRedditBot) *^(|)* 
[*^(Suggestions/Issues)*](https://github.com/Jonarzz/DotaResponsesRedditBot/issues/new/choose) *^(|)* 
[*^(Maintainer)*](https://www.reddit.com/user/MePsyDuck/) *^(|)* 
[*^(Author)*](https://www.reddit.com/user/Jonarz/)
Its crazy to watch the cope that Valve just hates "unique" heroes. Tinker was in the same spot as old techies. Unhealthy for the game(techies was just an add 20-30 minutes to the game length pick), making balancing the rest the game harder due to their abilities, and just didn't fit the team fight dynamic. I miss old techies, but I love playing new techies due to having a bigger impact in fights now. I'll miss Tinker, but this was the direction he was heading as the list of items not effected by rearm continued to grow.
    At least techies still has mines as 50% of the kit. This is the most blatant deletion of a hero possible. Better to give him 5 second rearm channel than to make him into Warlock But Boring.


Of course it shouldn't rearm bkb or blink on dmg cooldown, the core concepts of the item don't work at all if does. But there are plenty of items that do.
        Red Mines are legitimately trash though as an area deterrent. Old mines at level 7 did as much damage as new mines at level 18. And old mines didn't do less damage at the edge of the AoE. So in practice red mines are only used in conjunction with blastoff. Unless someone is completely afk red mines will simply tickle for like 200 damage on the edge.


Trust me I tried to like new techies and it's completely garbage as a trapper even in like, 3k MMR. People simply don't walk into mines except the edge sometimes when distracted.
        Generic bomberman does not have his kit. He has the dummed down garbage Q, which beeps, can be seen and is essentially free farm for any enemy as ult, his feed jump instead of suicide, a very fancy Lazer show and some slow bs
    Unhealthy for the game in what sense? I’ve never seen an equal networth tinker 1v5 enemy teams! The hero is a perma hex menace which is usually after 30 minutes! But let’s be honest which core isn’t overpowered post 30 minutes if they get their 4th item!
Every core will vaporize any supp walking solo at 30 minutes!

The only viable argument I’ve heard is that he takes away farms but there’s so much farm since 7.35.
Valve took away his identity and gave him his march back meaning he’s going to be a bigger menace in the only couple of games he’s gonna be picked!
        I would say unhealthy in both terms of being an active item user and disabled. His existences is an issue with adding any new items with new actives and being able permanently disable anyone that got to him was only fun for the people playing him.
            The only broken item on tinker with active that refreshes is probably windwaker and there’s ways to play around it albeit a bit hard and needs good teamwork! Sheepstick is broken in a sense but thats only in a 1v1 scenario! No tinker can keep perma hex the enemy in a 5v5 fight unless there’s a way too high gold difference!

I honestly think there are other heroes that are equally as cancerous as tinker in late games!
Playing against invi heroes or even spirit breaker isn’t fun in late game! But thats the point of late game! Most heroes will capitalize on their strength and cover their weakness and be a menace by 40 minutes! 
You get charged to death with spirit breaker, one shotted by PA from fog and chronoed for 10 seconds with refresher void! 3 shotted by a OD while hexed or quill sprayed by a bb who does nothing but turn his back at you!

Heroes with hard mechanical skill and high ceiling are fun to play! 
Some people like to play heroes with 2 buttons and some like a tougher challenge! It just so happens that the former ones cry about and valve bends it backwards for them!
    I’d love to see a word map of this subreddit normally vs whenever tinker is mentioned and watch the word “unique” go from never said to the #1 most used word. These tinker whiners don’t care about uniqueness, they just want to cope with their 1 trick hero instead of learning to play dota
I love seeing Tinker mains cry, its my daily motivation, my daily inspiration, the only reason I have the will to grind MMR. It encourages me to push myself on and continue playing, and it gives me happiness. I feel happy when I see tinker mains cry. I become overjoyed because they cry about nerfs and I hope icefrog would continue lobotomizing this hero.
    actual league of legends opinion
    lol tell me you suck at dota without telling me you suck at dota
Ripbozo you won't be missed. If you think Tinker is not unique anymore, tell me another hero that can constantly refresh all his abilities. You can't. :)
[Everyone liked that]
Tuck Finker feels good man.
In your face smurfs
WWW
best change of this patch
Honestly, hero would be balanced if ulti did not refresh blink dagger. Maybe sheepstick too. But I dunno 
🥰😂🥺🥰😶😶😂😂🥺😂😍😍😂🥰🥺
#😍😍🥰zazazaxaa!x'@s'zz z bxď dZ🙂‍↕️🙂‍↕️😒😫😫🤔
Good. Tinker is just a cancer hero that smurfs can abuse.
Rot in peace
They need to reduce the cooldown of the items instead, so for example 3/4/5 Seconds cooldown reduce on items instead of reset the cooldown that would make it much more viable
Why don't just delete the hero hahaha
finally
Played silencer mid against a tinker that went match build. At first it was a reminder of how obnoxious that skill was/is. But after he spammed it a couple times and then went back to base to get mana, I appreciated the large free farm time and then would just step outside of march aoe and ended up destroying tinker and the rest of the enemy team. The nerf to Tinker is welcomed. Resetting item CD on top of skill CD was OP. Tinker should only be allowed to spam so much.
    He could only spam so much. He was limited by his mana pool bro
F this hero and the People who play it
i think its good they did that. i mean he was dead for pro play sure. but with lh deny scripts there are certain heroes that get a much higher winrate by it. and there are not many heroes that benefited so strong from scripting.

arc warden does because if you have a deny script you get lvl 6 first then you do the wombo combo script and win lane and can start snowballing. and tinker did because you can script into blink around shiva rocket laser get mana instantly back. same for laning you don't get rid of him. so unless you kill him he wins the lane and can farm.

sure a smurf can paly whatever hero he wants and wins with kabuto vs naruto. but with scripts business ppl can do the same and sell accounts after ;D

yes you can script heroes like invoker od hammer combo or sf whirl utli. but those all get trouble if ppl manage to get bkb so you would still need a good player
Fury should've won that bout
    he was outlanded in 8 rounds out of 12.
        Nah he was winning comfortably. Got rocked just once and the bout changed completely. Boxing is cruel.
            > Nah he was winning comfortably

only rounds 4-6. 7 is debatable, that's when Usyk started to take control of the fight back. 

> Got rocked just once and the bout changed completely. Boxing is cruel.

That's a cruel oversimplification.
