I haven't seen tinker in my games in years
    Yeah, people acting like Tinker was some uber broken monster. The f? He was already garbage, nobody picked him, and even in perfect Tinker games he would often lose. 

Valve basically mercy killed an already dying guy.
        My guy's been living under a rock
        Basically, in the rare case he was picked, he made the match incredibly unfun. That's the kind of hero it is, even if he loses he wins by ruining your fun. 


That's why people hate these kinds of heroes even if they aren't picked often.
            Genuinely can't even remember the last time I had a Tinker dominate in one of my games. Or just a Tinker in general. The hero has been bad for so long. Even smurfs don't bother with Tinker anymore, they just go for Huskar, Meepo or Arc. 

I've had Meepo games where a smurf absolutely destroyed us, wasn't fun. But I don't want Meepo to get nerfed out of the game.

Feel like a lot of people are just traumatized by old Tinker, rather than speaking from recent experience.
                It's like with old Techies, they are trying to change him so that he isn't innately cancer. This might mean he becomes a different role in the team but still useful and not nerfed out of the game. 


Reality is most of the playerbase hated playing against this fucker because he was obnoxious to deal with.
            You think if valve delete all cheese heros dota is gonna be always fun or what? People will complain about other "broken" heroes. 
Each hero has has weaknesses. Tinker's always was blink + eul combo. But some people cannot adapt to the game based on picks as they can only complain
                Yes, if they removed all the cancerous heroes the game would legit feel better for the vast majority of players. Tinker and old Techies are especially glaring examples of hero design that just feels completely unfun to play against. 

The fact they are slowly changing them to be something else other than cancer is a complete Valve W in most of the communities eyes.
    That's because someone in every game is using their ban on him, and unlike pudge he's only ever played by smurfs and pubstompers.
    [deleted]
        I only play turbo and haven’t seen tinker in my games for over 3 years. Because I ban that fucker 100% of the time still to this day. 

My idiot off lane will always feed him 0-13 in 15 minutes somehow and I don’t know what do.
any tinker smurf smashing your 2k pubs is just going to move to another ideal smurfing hero

expect a lot more meepo and arc warden in your future
    losing to a tinker smurf feels worse than losing to those 2
    Nah. They probably just use lc and 1v5 with 2k barrier and 300 damage min 30
People on reddit act like tinker was picked every other game by some mechanically gifted player perfectly comboing everyone blinking around the map.

In reality tinker's been hovering around ~100th out of 124 most picked you'd see it once or twice every 100 games. Most tinker players are dogshit and don't have the game impact redditors would try to make you believe.
    People on reddit are on reddit because they do not play dota. They post whatever gets them the likes, posting tinker hate is the meta
    I guess it's because that many games when Tinker is picked are memorable. Alas, mostly for the wrong reasons.
    I've had like one tinker in my last 200 games lol. People are just talking bullshit.
    [deleted]
        Let's see your dotabuff
            [deleted]
                Here we can see a lying pussy
                    [deleted]
                        Like, I have no horse in this race, but it seemed pretty obvious that's not the part they think you're lying about.
                            [deleted]
                                Idc about your profile age, but I'm 100% sure that not all your tinkers were scripters/smurfs. And what does dotabuff compromise? Your public account info?
    All it takes is one game against a good tinker to ruin my entire day. No other hero has that effect on me. I will ban him every game, nerfed or not
He was already dogshit and unpicked last patch. I don't think I played a single game against or with tinker in my last 600 games.
    The fanatical tinker haters will now move to the next hero to blame. Maybe Arc? Invoker?
        naga has been my #2 for similar reasons for a while now
    Good
Tinker was one of the most fun and mechanically challenging heroes to play, and rewarded the ones who learned him but unfortunately some kind of stupid jealousy won over and now dota has lost another unique hero...
    yea it's real fun playing against some fuck that constantly blinking and spaming rocket/laser from the trees and there's fuckall you can do about it
        It's not like the hero in your flair is counter or anything lol
No, I hate him to the core but taking out one of his mechanic like that really makes me sad. Now he feels like another hero that I played that cast skills. Cant u just, u know, make specific items to be unable to be refreshed with his skill like BKB?
It wasn't "nerfed". It's pre-removed to dampen the shock in the next patch.
    Yeah I'm hoping it's a part 1 of a bigger rework but as it stands he might as well not be a hero, sadly.
    I feel for you tinker and techies players, this sub has so many shit players who don't know the concept of a counter pick, they instead keep whining about the heroes when the problems are by smurfs. Losing Tinker definitely reduces the pool of unique heroes.
        Coping tinker players are hilarious
            Username checks out, also check my flair
                Poor earth shaker ember spirit.. echo sabre..
                    This flair was then the Earth spirit Q was nerfed to not stun any more :(
                I agree that part of the beauty of dota is the raw variety of bullshit that you can pull off, but tinker's playstyle has always been so absurdly cheese-y. Nothing inherently wrong with cheese, but it's a slippery slope to balance those types of heroes in high MMR bracket. In-meta tinker in the hands of a skilled player can be literally impossible to go against in certain games. I'd prefer if Dota 2 had less situations where potential counterplay is so narrow. 

Also mate, I would 100% destroy you in a pub, don't kid yourself.
                    > Nothing inherently wrong with cheese, but it's a slippery slope to balance those types of heroes in high MMR bracket. In-meta tinker in the hands of a skilled player can be literally impossible to go against in certain games.

Sure keep him shit then, don't take away the thing that makes him unique. make rockets do 2 dmg each I don't care lol. Gimmicks aren't gimmicks when they are good in all situations, it's better to have a couple of heroes that way (see huskar).  

What grinds my gears is this sub shitting on heroes that have been shit since 2-3 years all because "SmUrFs PlAy ThIs HeRo", what smurfs suddenly stopped playing Invoker? Meepo? Where's the hate threads about them then?

Valve already removed old techies because this sub whined to no end about them and now we have a generic CC hero in place of an original and gimmicky concept.

> Also mate, I would 100% destroy you in a pub, don't kid yourself.

Coping 2k redditors are hilarious.
                        You know what, I actually agree with you. Just don't feel too bad for tinker cuz I hate that mfer, but you're right that it doesn't set a good precedent to neuter the core of a hero's design.

I am 5k for the record, but who even cares anymore, this is just a meaningless internet argument.
                            > but who even cares anymore, this is just a meaningless internet argument.

🤝
        Agree, and honestly playing against tinker is pretty nice because it focuses the team's efforts. Whenever I play support against tinker, I just run around with the core who has the best chance (or most drive) to catch the tinker, and we feed off of his hero. 

I'd much rather try and fail to catch a tinker than watch my moron cores waste 10 seconds on a 5 abaddon just to get wiped by the enemy team after.
    lol
I am(was) tinker spammer. And i feel bad for you guys who are happy for erasing from dota another unique game design. 

People like to cry, but how many of whiners bought eul first slot vs me? Zero..
    what does the eul do
        Catch him
            lol
Hey herald I'll let you in on a secret, tinker has been trash for ages
My first game after patch was a Meepo smurf lmao
Can't relate, I have never been herald.
I miss the old tinker :(
haven't seen tinker for two years. what is a point?
Antimage versus tinker ?? Use brain
I haven't played since there was things like healing shrines and moonwells and let me tell you I still have memories of the script kitty Tinker spammers causing havoc and I don't miss it at all. I actually like that when I'm watching pro matches I never see Tinker because my mind is still biased to the meta I left behind.
Damn heralds ruining dota 2 for the rest of us. Play league instead of complaining about a hero that gets picked every 200 games like damn
I've been on record saying I dislike Tinker a lot, but it's mostly due to Blink and very specific item interactions, but not the idea of refreshing items in general. They really need to find a way to allow for Rearm to refresh items without it being crazy. Maybe instead of a full refresh, Rearm sets all items that are currently on cooldown to 3/2/1 seconds cooldown. Not fully spammable, but you'll have them ready in a short moment.
You can only balance so many heroes in one video game. Tinker is just a bad hero concept, and I'd prefer removing him if it makes for a more balanced game or allows for more heroes.
    The concept of the hero is unique and good! Just cause valve cannot balance him doesn’t mean its bad! Dota needs both complex and simple heroes!
        This has nothing to do with complexity. Tinker certainly isn't a complex hero
            Complexity in the sense that the hero is mechanically challenging and has a high ceiling!
Its why smurfs smurf with him in the first place!
The core idea of the hero is simple enough but to execute it perfectly in a team fight is tough and needs a lot of practice!
The hero is certainly harder to play unlike ursa or wraith king!
                Tinker was really easy - I don't get this mindset. Any hero looks hard next to Ursa and Wraith King. Why not give a genuine example of an average complexity hero? 
Tinker really doesn't get to be called hard next to the likes of Morphling, Brewmaster, Meepo, or any spirit, really.
                    Nobody said that the hero is harder than morph or brew! Spirit heroes are likewise in terms of difficulty! Meepo has really been toned down and he’s given ways to mitigate his weakness which is a terrible decision btw.
With heroes like tinker you learn to play with more active items and you need better reflex which certainly is hard for the average dota players!
            There's a reason Rearm is banned in AD. Fundamentally broken ability, but it's what defines Tinker.

He needs a reinvention like techies got. Since he's a *tinker* I feel they should try the idea of him modifying or upgrading items? Maybe no rearm blink but you could choose to decrease your blinks cd permanently. Or decrease mana cost, damage, range idk lots of possibilites.
                Just remove his defense matrix so that when he gets jumped by an enemy hero he cannot escape easily! That’s how glass canon heroes should work by the way! With heroes that can charge across the map or blink or give visions around the map! Its easier to shut down a tinker!
        tinker and complexity have very little in common in practice
Tinker is buffed
Or so we think
