You’re right he’s not half bad…it’s closer to 70% at this point
If you play 4v5 early and mid, there will be no late game most of the time.
    30 mins no racks in this patch it seems, HG push is very different now. Wipe at 25 with no BB gl to at least 2 of your lane racks.
Whats your rank op?
    Herald 420 :^)
        That explained a lot lol.
        lmao
He deals much less damage than before and soaks all farm on the map like old Tinker,but he himself is no longer win condition hero so  how exactly he is good?
    He does not deal much less damage, not by a long shot. A lategame Tinker with stacked motms is pretty much a death zone unless you pop BKB to be able to go over it. He's just not as braindead as before where he could spam missiles from miles away and keep spamming Shiva's to be unreachable. Does it take getting used to? Yes, but saying stacked Motms deal less damage than rocket spam is just untrue and it's more mana efficient.
        please stop talking about balance as if u know anything about the game mr herald 4 player. Shiva and rockets alone did laughable damage lategame especially when most heroes had shroud glimmer when facing heave magic damage lineup.

I can see u getting rekt by shiva rockets as no bkb pa or ags rush lion though :)
        the difference between heat seeking missiles and march of the machines is that heroes can just not walk into the huge, obvious wall of robots
            It's not that easy, because if the Tinker player is smart he'll be able to position it in such a way that you'll pretty much have to walk over it or he'll just turtle forever. Y'all are forgetting way too easily how obnoxious old school MotM Tinker was, and how you needed a BKN to pretty much do anything against him.
        And how exactly do you create these death zones when you have just one chance to escape?Rocket spam is what kept squishy backliners away since jumping Tinker with low hp is bad idea,but now he can't do anything about backline heroes since  they are not gonna walk into march without good reason.
pros will never touch tinker trust me
    He has almost always been unplayed in pro game. his previous kit was extremely high risk reward high reward and was only good smurfs
Redditors quickly moving on from laughing at Tinker no rearm and transitioning to the gaslighting of "ya hes actually really good now".

Lmfao. So many of you are just armchair dota players its insane.
There is nothing stronger than infinite hex in the lategame. Literally nothing. There's no way new tinker scales better than the old one
Tinker is amazing after the changes , yes hero isnt a mobility machine , but he is mucj more of  a mid now and not a 2nd pos 1 like last patch , you get boots now and start playing dota as a normal mid with free travels , get treads witch blade and just destroy the game early on
People are just pissed about blink and shivas spam.

You also have to throw all those script players out the window now.

Now he can use them at a better cooldown for no extra mana cost so its not bad.
My friend let me tell u a secret. Enemy picks Zeus and a Spectre and there's not a chance you cross minute 35+

They pick Aba and they run u down anytime on mid. 

They basically pick anything that can easily collapse at you and you have nothing to answer.
    Every hero has a counter… what’s your point?
    That has nothing to do with new Tinker though. Zeus and Spectre demolish Tinker since this hero was created, you pretty much picked this hero's two biggest counters to form an argument around. Even old Tinker or old old Tinker would struggle eith this.
    Depends on the rank. Plus I imagine he’s still a decent HG defender. But yeah Zeus and spec typically ruin tinker a majority of the time.
    Do you even pick Spectre in this meta though? I dunno, I stopped playing ranked the moment the patch dropped but pub games are like 30-min-ish?
        Bruh I wish it's still 60 min hg in Legend
post dotabuff
