when pango was launched, he had 30 % wr i think
Didn't Batrider at some point also have this winrate?
    I think also broodmother post rework had around 34 percent
        Yes, true and in regards to tinker. He is the kind of hero that ruins the game for everyone else. No fun allowed apart from the tinker himself. Either he is unstopable and enemy team just gives up at 20 min mark cause tinker is solo killing everyone. Or he is nonstop feeding (0-11-5 without shivas at 30 min mark) and his team reports him cus bad. No middle ground here.
Still not worse than when natures prophet had 12% winrate so no.
    That cant be real, when was that?
        https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/s/gZopybu267

Oh it was actually 13% my bad
            Thats just for Immortal so its not very accurate at all.
                Immortal bracket is actually huge. It ranges from 5.6k to 14k. 

And its has the most reasonable stats for balance.

Idk why you would want herald stats for balance
                    Its not since most people are below Immortal. You balance the game around pro play and the average rank of all players which is something like Archon, not Immortal+.
                        You balance the game around immortal rank. 

Pro play has even less sample size and completely different enviroment so its even less accurate. 

If u think they balance the game around pro play why was tinker nerfed the most? Hero wasnt even seen in pro matches at all
                            They do balance the game around pro player AND the average rank. Why do you think Pango keeps getting nerfed over and over despite having a 44% winrate?
                                Bcs he was still in every game i play in immortal rank? 

Hes good hero with good team coordination. And average ranks doesnt even know that word so my point is proven here
                                    He was still sub 48% winrate through all ranks. If you cant grasp that they balance around pro play and average ranks you are just ignorant.
                https://stratz.com/heroes/meta/trends?sortDirection=asc

Tinker is 35%(lowest winrate) in immortal bracket aswell. 

How is it not accurate? Why would u want to use stats below immortal ranks anyway...
                    Because its a smaller sample size and a vast majority of players never even touches Immortal rank.
                        Thats bcs vast majority of players are extremely bad at the game and shouldnt be taken into consideration when balancing the game

Immortal bracket actually has a lot of players nowadays it actually spans the most range of mmr 5.5k to 14k and more..
                            So you want to balance the game around the 1% of players rather than the MAJORITY of players below that range? 

Yea but thats still a minority of the playerbase. Archon is around 23% of the entire playerbase, if you ignored the mid level players and just balanced around the top 1% the game would die off very fast.
                                >if you ignored the mid level players and just balanced around the top 1% the game would die off very fast.

It always has been and still is. So is the game dead now?
                                Why was wk buffed when he was OP in average mmrs and trash at pro lvl?
                                    Because this patch was not a balance update? It added new features to the game and did skewer the numbers of nearly any hero.
                                It's fascinating to watch people talk about stuff with such confidence when they actually have no idea what they're talking about. Rtz supporter as well is the icing on the cake.
Not enough please aim 25%
make it 20% please
i think wisp had 32% at some point
People need to disengage from the old tinker and engage with the new one… buy a glimmer cape.
Always has been
i remember tiny getting some rework and sitting somewhere between 30 and 35, as well as release pango as some people mentioned.
Just give it time. People didn't find the playstyle yet.
Potentially decent support now
Pangolier in his first 5 days post-release also had an eye-staggering 30% winrate, I think people just have to figure it out, and if they don't, I guess a buff or two wouldn't hurt.
Yes. It's atrocious what they did to him.

They took heat seeking missile and item cd reset for him.

So:
You can't reset to heat seeking
You can't do STR blink to shiva repeat combo

Like wtf do you do as a tinker?

Tinker is a support hero at best with barrier and healing MOTM and a dead weight at worst. I mean he can be a decent support on clash so there's that
