Ye patch been out for like hour
You still have meepo and arc for smurfing don't worry
    Most Smurfs don’t actually play meepo, arc it’s more so pudge, Druid, Ursa mid, morph and other heroes
        I've been playing dota since 2011 I know what I'm talking not to mention all of them are russians/ukrainians but seeing the arc warden badge I'm not wandering why u said that
            Because Smurfs Ill run into don’t, if you insinuate i Smurf I definitely never had , tho I’m in NA so I guess diff either way
                [deleted]
                    A lot less Smurfs in general it seems like, I’ve only had like 2 noticeable ones this year in my games
                Russian/ukrainian dogs smurf in euw with those heroes,I also forgot to add brood and huskar
                    A different breed of demon for each hell
                        Haha indeed
They obviously nerfed thinker to the ground and decided to buff him little by little until he is playable.
Here come the boring “good. Just delete the hero” comments. 

By next week they’ll be whining about denying not being a fun mechanic just like Riot did.
    Being perma hex'd was shitty design and everyone in good faith knows it. Tinker was a cancer to this game and him being in the gutter for the time being is a good thing
        Disables in dota are a thing and they’re unforgiving. If you’re going to use the “perma hex” argument then a lot of shit in dota has to go. That’s like the biggest complaint of LoL players coming in. “I can’t control my hero. Anti fun!”

Tinker wasn’t even dominating the last patch to say that his blink hexing was a problem.

Besides, the “perma hex” tinker has been in the game since og dota and suddenly it’s a problem? The real issue was the blink rearm overriding forced damage delay and they fixed that. They also added a rearm cooldown if your channel is interrupted so all it took was vision and a single disable to stop his fuckery.
            He was still terrible to play against. And League has similar characters that require, in design, teamplay to counter but at least they have the decency of letting you play no matter what so it's not even an excuse.

Perma hex is an end problem to a root disease about Tinker. But I want to add that the argument of hexes being unforgiving is completely stupid.  Sheepstick is balanced around two axis, it's price and its cooldown. It's expensive and you can't spam it, therefore it can be strong. Tinker used to break these two fondations by powerfarming with march and perma rearming. Icefrog realized it and nerfed one aspect and gave it back after nerfing the second aspect. It's not hard to understand.

The real issue was most definitely that it didn't matter who tinker was playing against, the only difference it made was how long it took tinker to kill.

His main weakness being completely erased by language barrier and overall difficulty to coordinate in a pick up game was very problematic. Also imagine how new player felt against him. 

Tinker didn't play by the rules and now that he is, he is bad because he has never been tuned for it. It doesn't mean that he will never be. Give him time and get used to play dota like everyone else.
Honestly I'm gonna cope and say that this is happening largely because he hasn't been figured out. I feel like he is one buff away from being better, because sure re arming would give you all items back but say you got silenced and couldn't re arm your items, wouldn't in that case having a consistent cdr like now be better? 

maybe it shouldn't be 60 but 70% or 80% but the cd on int blink is already like 3.2 seconds if you're max level with no other item. 

I'd give it some time with the new buffs.
Nothing wrong here imho. Tinker would be in a better spot only if it was deleted
    Oh yeah 500 mmr player yapping about deleting hero. I understand how hard it was to buy eul and kill him
        XD
        Not even euls can stop him with the shield. A rod of atos  might be better.
            [deleted]
                lmao the state of this sub. Herald players upvoting each other that euls is not good counter Vs tinker and shield stops it
                Euls doesnt dispel the shield Bro, this aint Abbadons 2 cents shield.
                    It does, you can try it yourself in demo. Nullifier also works and skills like Oracle's Q or Invoker's Tornado and so on.
Fuck tinker and fuck tinker sympathizers.
Toxic hero got hit by nerf hammer, oh no. Back when Techies had toxic kit they just reworked him, and so they now try to do with tinker. Don't cry smurfies, you can try it on support position
    Tinker is garbage af now  
Techies is still a  good here but tinker is a joke lmfao i loved playing tinker but now he has nothing left to make it reasonable to play him at all
I just want to say I enjoy Tinker spammer tears so so so much. <3
Good riddance. Better he stays nerfed. Fucking pain.
Useless tinker fr
dont think dotabuff will show results this fast itll take several hours before we start seeing impact

also imo core tinker is dead and this is a support hero now, dont see any way for this hero to have lategame impact with core farm
Patch has been out for an hour, but yeah I agree it won't fix him yet. I'll just assume he'll eventually be buffed to 50% wr but with his reworked kit. Can't say that I thought his old kit was that fun (not really fun to play against, not really fun to play with - this is just my opinion though. I thought playing him was fun here and there) but unfortunate that they just blasted his ass off without compensating him more. 

I think it'll be a few months of patching (which a lot of the other heroes will go through) until he hopefully reaches a 50-ish% winrate, and is viable/strong pick if the draft is good.
    we got march for farming but we can't reaerm items that we farmed. You can't do anything before 30-40 minutes because you need farm. And after you got farm it doesn't mean you gonna win, it means you lost beacuse while you were farming in those 30-40 minutes your team lost.
        With march it's not unreasonable to have blink+aghs 15 minutes into the game. With new defense matrix that hard dispels Tinker and teleports him up to 350 range away when broken, I think Tinker is fight ready with those 2 items alone if you position yourself correctly and your team creates some space for you. Tinker might need boots of speed+windlace now to make use of that mini teleport and hard dispel from matrix though, so maybe 16 minute timing for blink+aghs.
thinker players mad :)
Thankt he gods he can't re-arm items anymore. He is still an incredibly unfun hero to play against even without it, but it was just CANCEROUS before too.
    > He is still an incredibly unfun hero to play against even without it

bruh you people can't do anything
        Dude plays against the 2nd worst hero of all time and complains.
        Something being not fun to play against doesn't mean not being able to play against it bud. It just means it isn't fun to play against it. It actively makes the game less fun.
            why though, what is it about tinker that upsets you so much at this point. he is basically dazzle with extra steps

the hero is shockingly inoffensive to play against now
                Basically everything about him still annoys the shit out of me for playing against him, but particularly Rearm itself. With Rearm, he has a functionally 100% uptime screen wide area denial + heal with March, SIGNIFICANTLY more tp power than you could get with Boots of Travel (and without the downsides from having to cancel a tp cuz you just rearm and do it again), and what can amount to a 100% uptime blind that is also pure damage.

Without rearm, his abilities are all managable on their own, but Rearm making everything spammable is the problem and what makes Tinker ridiculously annoying and unfun to play against.
I also miss tinker but he is a pretty disgusting hero to play against, havent seen a good tinker since 2021 tho, all the nerfs are just making him not viable for a long time.
