[deleted]
    something wrong?
        during rearm u can press shiva, so everyone did rearm-0.3 seconds before rearm completed-shiva-rearm is done-shiva, and when u blink on creeps or heroes they will receive double shiva damage
No
multiple heroes were dead for years… tinker can take the place now
    He s been bad and below 50% for a couple years now
        And now he's actually good as a utility core / support. Go figure
            Really good at 30% winrate. And before you say people need to figure it out, dk, bristle, centaur are all flying high winrate with 10 apm and half a braincell shared between them. 

Go figure
                30% WR Is from ppl who can't adapt and still try to play the old tinker which, evidently, by design is not meant to work.

I for one I'm picking it support and having a blast and doing well 

Go figure
                    He’s a terrible support
                        A 220HP heal that damages, a 435HP barrier that gives status resistance, a nuke with blind, a pushback with root, lower cooldown on Greaves, Glimmer and  Windwaker. You don't know what you're talking about, if your team has got the disables covered Tinker is an insane uitlity hero
                            Oracle, omni and dazzle can do all of that more effectively without needing mass itemisation. Tinker's heals are weak, his cd reduction innate negligle until very late (and you're restricted into buying int items like waker or hex so forget glimmer and shard), plus he's in the firing line for most fights due to his low cast range so you just die trying to rearm as the enemy pounce on you. He was actually BETTER as a support before when you could infinitely refresh greaves and mass tp heal allies with that. Now he's a garbage support and underwhelming utility. There's a reason he's 30% winrate and its not because 'ppl are still playing him wrong' its the hero being shit and you don't know what the fuck you're talking about since you don't play Tinker regularly.
                                > He was actually BETTER as a support before when you could infinitely refresh greaves and mass tp heal allies with that.

You clearly don't know what you're talking about. You **CANNOT** refresh Greaves because of the debuff they apply. The debuff is based on the Greaves CD - 2s meaning that you can reduce its cooldown but not refresh it.

At level 10 with no items you are already sitting at 20% CDR (60 int). There are a couple of int items that you actually don't mind buying (Atos, Euls/Windwaker), in real scenarios I usually enter the mid game with Greaves around 20-25s CD, which might mean being able to cast it twice during a fight.

Surely you need items, but you are able to get dangerous farm on the map that your team cannot. 

But again, I'm not here to convert anyone or whatever, I'm just having success on the hero and also a lot of fun in ~6k and thought somebody else might find the idea interesting. If you just want to talk without actually trying it and see how it feels you do you.
                                    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv4aJ5rEEBg You COULD refresh greaves and support Tinkers have been doing so for years now.

20% cdr on just items makes no significant difference and limiting heroes to just int items severly limits their capabilities. Plus his farm is much weaker right now even with march and aoe laser (going online only at lv 15 i might add).

Tinker is at the lowest winrate in the heroes history and none of the pros have found the same success you have so your testimony means nothing.
I won't
Hahaha fck tinker
