yeah but those are turbo games
    I was wondering why he cropped the unranked/ranked/turbo tab too
        Tinker did get a really big boost of +11% winrate in the last patch

He has the highest boost he went from Zero to Hero 

he is sitting at 43% winrate 

when he was dead last at 33% before.

he should be fine now since he is a hard hero to master
    yeah that dude buys 1 solar crest then goes in to full core items = aether = agha etc
    Typical Tinker player behavior.
    oooff you didnt have to destroy him like that
    How did u figure out it was turbo btw? Just curious if there's a way to find profile or smth based on match history of heroes played
        OP posted in a comment a link to their tinker build on steam. Easy to find match data after getting their steam id
            Ah OK thanks. I assume his steam profile was public too and not private, that's why could get match data
    u/[EntropySquid](https://www.reddit.com/user/EntropySquid/) gtfo with your turbo games. clown
    Make sense, training in turbo so you can quickly test their potential with new builds and strats..
    lmao destroyed.  
+1 from me - thanks for a good laugh.
    it even harder. becayse enemy can comeback faster.
turbo+wont show mmr
    I would say besides Chen nerfs I'm 5 wins in a row in Guardian. Pretty sure It is broken everywhere.
        Anything is broken in guardian my friend. Including the players
    But I played turbo games on my Smurf account please notice me. Uwu
This build was better when you could rearm solar crest.
    Just build all int items plus crest to get CD low enough that it works the same.  Agreed though, keeping two shields on your core plus the AS bonus was super valuable
Anything works in archon if you practice enough. It's just that there is better things to be practicing, because it will only get you so far.
Can you explain?
    Made a thread on the other sub on the matter, if you're interested [https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueDoTA2/comments/1d1oi29/people\_are\_sleeping\_on\_tinker\_support/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrueDoTA2/comments/1d1oi29/people_are_sleeping_on_tinker_support/)
        I think core tinker is good rn
            Probably but haven't personally tried. I'm afraid he lacks dmg
                Damage is good but aghanim is pretty mandatory for that imo
ur playing turbo, relax bro
This pic has as many pixels as u have mmr
Thank you! i read Tinker's changes and my first thought was "Tinker Support".l, do you have any pointers? i would love to try it!

Edit: Nvm, I just read the comments, should do that before commenting
Useless post. Its Turbo, anything works there.
The iteration with makans/greaves is really looking very good reducing the use penalty.
    Tinker supports already went for Greaves tho, I don't think you're reducing anything, just taking a nerf.
        Not in this specific case because Mend doesn't affect units that have been affected by Guardian Greaves or Mekansm Restore within Guardian Greaves cooldown (CD). You can find this information if you hold alt in-game and hover over Guardian Greaves. Previously you could rearm the item's CD, but you didn't get rid of the debuff, so it was pointless to rearm Guardian Greaves, because you couldn't apply Mend anyway.  
  
It's different now, because the CD itself is lower, which means that the debuff is lower as well, and that means you can apply Mend more frequently.  
  
This also affects Crimson Guard and with maxed out CDR (Cooldown Reduction) on Tinker with intelligence and Octarine Core, Crimson Guard's active ability Guard (8 second duration) has 10.5 seconds CD, which gives you 80% uptime for Guard.

Now that's pretty neat, but even with all these CDRs on Tinker, support Tinker is still garbage in my opinion and nobody will be able to maintain a positive winrate over the course of 20+ games. This happens every patch Tinker is changed. People start playing support tinker, lose a bunch of mmr, then give up on support tinker. I don't see how this time it's any different.
nice try janitor assistant
well, just some turbo wins with Archon Rank
Yeah I’m playing sup faceless void and it’s pretty strong when I play with my girlfriend in turbo games at 3:32 am
herald rang lol
Might as well say your winning in custom games
ngl some random actually showed me this. literally your core can't die
Had a Support tinker in my 5.4k MMR game. The amount of sustain he provides with greaves alone and his matrix is pretty nuts
    like i genuinely don't think its weak. i played it in an 8k game and if my team wasnt actually bad at dota we would've probably won instead of stalled an 80min game LMFAO

march is insane with the HPS facet and barrier blocks so much fucking damage. u just GIGA sustain through everything. feels really underrated.
        It’s weird because if you were that big of a problem then they would’ve tried to take you out first. How did you managed to survive with the neutered tinker?
            he is really tanky with greaves and lotus i guess. they only had WR to hunt and kill me and if i sat behind everybody spamming shield, march and lotus on Troll he literally couldn't die.
A win in turbo is still a win. Congrats OP
To everyone slamming you for posting turbo results: this game is about having fun, and he’s found a way to play a hero differently to good effect in a legitimate game mode, he’s not claiming it to be meta at high immortal or pro level. So what if it’s memey, that’s like > 50% of this sub’s posts anyway. To Op, glad you’re having fun, keep posting your fun builds and how you get them to work.

Disclaimer: AD enjoyer here, my post holds no weight 🤣
The Reddit hivemind decided tinker is bad, you can prove them wrong 100 times but they will never admit defeat.
he thinks, there fore he is!!!
So, these games are all played in turbo with an average game being in the Crusader-Archon region
might be crusader game.
    Even worse, it's turbo
Now try it in ranked and lets see how fast you perfect the low priority queue.
nullifier go brrrr
[https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3252889813](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3252889813)

Super simple build in case anybody wants to give it a try
    Rank? What do you think about Greaves?
        These are turbo matches
        Had a game earlier on Tinker, went very late game. Had 60% CDR from the innate + Octarine. 12 sec on Greaves, shit is busted.
            i kinda hate that passive

you need 180 intelligence to get the max 60% CD right?

how are you ever getting that much?
            I thought Greaves' heal also applied a "debuff" that prevents your allies from benefitting from Greaves' heal again for 39 seconds, so at most you can be a mana battery for your team... is it really busted?
                The 30 seconds is based on GG cooldown.

Goes down with CDR.
                    Oh my God... that's insane! Thanks for the info.
                it does! but the 39seconds you mention is tied to the cooldown, thus cooldown reduction fully works.

old dazzle with CD reduction was busted with grieves
    Why fluffy hat has different icon?
I have been playing tinker in mid lane in this patch and he is doing great; I don’t know why though. He can now farm a lot faster, and once i have arcane blink( as a first item) and kaya and sange, it is like i am getting mana and hp for free. As a matter of fact, I won all of the games by stomping enemy mid laner.( rank legend 4,5)
idk why people are so toxic in this thread,good job glad you had fun!
For those sayin it's turbo. I also played tinker for my normal games. I've won with it with that style!! And even if I won't win it still feels good to play .BUT for as for now it feels good to play AND I'm winning 💪
    Proof?
Op is too dangerous to be left alive. Kill him!
What items u build
