Cool
    *happy for you, or sorry that happened
hes just gunna get several more number buffs in the upcoming letter patches, which based on how much of a clusterfuck this patch is, more will follow soon. maybe b patch next week
    Yeah, I wrote about that in the post. But I think that no number buffs but added rockets would be much more fitting
        i want that too but its very unlikely i think

they will just force this version
            I think keeping not rearmable items and cdr from int is enough to keep “this version”, rockets in shard (or talent) do not change his new concept but add to it, so I hope valve will do this instead of boring number buffs
Warp Flare could be replaced by Rockets. It's one of his core identities since DotA 1 and I also kinda felt sad when his Machines was removed
    Yep, or maybe one of his talents. Rockets that early may be imbalanced, but idk, needs to be tested
Do you think missiles coming back as a form of catch rather than a source of damage is viable?
    I don’t think so, only if the goal is to make him a support. Tinkers problem is that he’s too easy to catch, even easier than usual heroes who have the same problem, like sniper for example. Because sniper does not need to stun himself for 1.25 seconds lategame and even longer in early game to deal damage and also have ways to escape if caught, tinker does not, I do not think his matrix facet is enough and at the same time sniper has a safe distance damage in the form of his auto attacks and ult, only thing tinker has is laser, and for hero that easily catchable his laser is really short. Before 7.36 laser was more of a finisher than main damage, rockets and shiva was main damage, but now it’s all he has, imo that’s the real reason why he is so pathetically weak rn
They brought back the march but removed the cd refresh of items so you couldn't use soul ring to spam it.

I really don't know what is valve aiming to achieve here..
    Actually with fast arcane blink and reduced mana cost its not that bad, I’ve watched a very strong tinker play in a new patch and mana usage was ok. I would say the main problem is no rockets
no one cares hope he stays dead forever.
tinker is a pos 5
